7	I love my wife so much. [SEP] That's nice to hear! Have you treated her to something special? [SEP] I always do.  I would never cheat on her.	I always do.  I would never cheat on her.	Always stay faithful, it is the best thing for your relationship.
4	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my door [SEP] Dang! That stinks. Im sorry. Did they just leave without saying something? [SEP] nah there was no note or anything.. happened at walmart	nah there was no note or anything.. happened at walmart	Oh wow! Im sorry about that
7	I'm terrified of meeting my girlfriend's parents tomorrow. She said they never like her choice of boyfriends! [SEP] Do you think you can impress them? [SEP] I'm going to do my best, she did say she thinks they will like me unlike her past boyfriends.	I'm going to do my best, she did say she thinks they will like me unlike her past boyfriends.	I believe in you, just project yourself confidently!
5	I wet my pants in class today. I wish I could have gone home early. [SEP] Oh no. Why do you think that happened?  [SEP] I started drinking a gallon of water everyday. I couldn't hold it anymore.	I started drinking a gallon of water everyday. I couldn't hold it anymore.	Maybe you should slow down and only drink a bit at a time. 
0	I haven't seen a horror movie in so long. I don't know if I can take watching one this weekend with my friends [SEP] I am with you on that one [SEP] Not a fan of horror either?	Not a fan of horror either?	I hate it
1	I was in line getting fast food today, and the person in front of me paid for my meal! I offered to do the same for the person behind me, even though I always think that's cheesy when I hear about it. But it was still kind of a cool event that happened, as I'm sure it carried on a while.	I was in line getting fast food today, and the person in front of me paid for my meal! I offered to do the same for the person behind me, even though I always think that's cheesy when I hear about it. But it was still kind of a cool event that happened, as I'm sure it carried on a while.	That is very nice of him.
0	I was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. I was so mad. [SEP] Did they hit you? [SEP] No, but it was close. Talk about road rage.	No, but it was close. Talk about road rage.	I know what you mean, I would have been pissed! Probably would have gotten out and throat punched them if they had hit me!
0	I've been waiting for a story to finish, but the author passed away [SEP] Oh no! Which author is it? That really stinks when you can't finish a story. An eternal cliff-hanger. [SEP] Yea, now I try to read completed works lol.	Yea, now I try to read completed works lol.	That's a good idea. I know everyone is worried about that when it comes to George RR Martin and game of thrones.
6	I can't wait for the new soccer season to start	I can't wait for the new soccer season to start	Do you play?
4	My girlfriend didn't want to go to dinner with me. She went with another guy instead.	My girlfriend didn't want to go to dinner with me. She went with another guy instead.	That's awful, I'm sorry. Does she want to be with the other guy instead of you?
4	y friend just dumped his girlfriend for a prostitute.	y friend just dumped his girlfriend for a prostitute.	Oh wow. That is not something you hear everyday!
8	My friend who never say no to me. Such a great companion she is! She asked me for a help. At the time I was out of town, so I was unable to do a favor  [SEP] She probably understood. [SEP] I hope she did.	I hope she did.	If she is a really good friend then she did. Dont worry about it.
4	I didn't get any of the classes I wanted for this semester [SEP] Oh dang! Did you file for classes late? [SEP] I had to re-register and they were all full. I don't think I am going to do well now	I had to re-register and they were all full. I don't think I am going to do well now	I'm so sorry to hear it! Were you able to take anything?
1	My sister n law washed my clothes today for me. It was a nice gesture	My sister n law washed my clothes today for me. It was a nice gesture	That's very nice of her!
5	So my neighbor who is elderly has an above ground swimming pool. It's tilting because it wasn't put together properly. It was getting very unsafe	So my neighbor who is elderly has an above ground swimming pool. It's tilting because it wasn't put together properly. It was getting very unsafe	Oh no! That's awful. That could be dangerous too!
6	Christmas is my favorite time of the year.  I could not love it more!	Christmas is my favorite time of the year.  I could not love it more!	Oh, me too! What do you love about it?
7	I took the last cream soda from a pack that belonged to my buddy from the fridge when I was drunk. Didn't think it was a big deal until he told me he drove 5 hours just to get them and they were expensive. I felt kind of bad so I bought him a happy meal  [SEP] Was he okay with the happy meal? [SEP] Yes	Yes	That's good to hear!
4	My uncle died in the hospital,  he had malaria , till now,  I've not been myself 	My uncle died in the hospital,  he had malaria , till now,  I've not been myself 	So sorry to hear that, Hard to be alone.
6	My tenants left my house in an absolute, filthy mess.	My tenants left my house in an absolute, filthy mess.	oh god, what are you going to do now?
8	I have been getting ready for grad school and I am feeling a little anxious about it.	I have been getting ready for grad school and I am feeling a little anxious about it.	It can be pretty scary getting ready for a new environment. but i am sure after the first day it will be gone.
8	I am mad at my brother because he broke my bike. He always want to use my stuff and he ends up breaking it. [SEP] Uh oh! Are you going to ask him to pay for it? Or at least fix it? [SEP] He is never going to pay or fix it. I already asked him for something else that he broke. He never did pay or fix it.	He is never going to pay or fix it. I already asked him for something else that he broke. He never did pay or fix it.	Might be time to just stop letting him use your stuff, unfortunately.
0	I cant believe how fast time flies.  It feels like just yesterday sometimes	I cant believe how fast time flies.  It feels like just yesterday sometimes	YEs it does, take advantage of the time you have now
8	Sometime I envy my coworkers because some of them have a better career than me. [SEP] Yeah, I sometimes do that as well. But, as long as the bills are getting paid, I guess you can't complain. [SEP] You are right but sometime I can't keep think about it, mainly when the coworker is not smart.	You are right but sometime I can't keep think about it, mainly when the coworker is not smart.	True. But, you can't help stupid people from getting high paying jobs. I am a prime example.
4	I wanted to buy the Nintendo Switch from the store but they were sold out.	I wanted to buy the Nintendo Switch from the store but they were sold out.	sorry about that, did you try checking on another store?
3	My grandma was just transferred to hospice care.	My grandma was just transferred to hospice care.	That is bad news, hope you go visit her.
7	I'm having a baby in 3 weeks..... the waiting is makjing anxious! [SEP] Wow, how exciting! Boy or girl?  [SEP] a girl... time is going fast but slow at the same time [SEP] Yeah I'm sure! Is this your first?  [SEP] No second, I have another girl :)	No second, I have another girl :)	Well congratulations! :D
5	I really hope my parents make it to my home ok, they live 3 hours away. [SEP] That's a long drive. [SEP] Yeah, and they are getting up there in age, I'm hopeful they will be ok.	Yeah, and they are getting up there in age, I'm hopeful they will be ok.	Any way for you to maybe go to them next time?
6	A few nights ago i heard a noise outside my window	A few nights ago i heard a noise outside my window	Sounds scary. Did you find out what it was?
6	Kids grow up so fast, It seem like yesterday when mine were babies. [SEP] How old are they now? [SEP] The oldest is 14 and is beginning high school next week.	The oldest is 14 and is beginning high school next week.	Soon they will be leaving the nest, hey?
2	I don't know if I should take the job offer I got today. [SEP] Would it be a promotion? [SEP] It would be a side grade.  The pay is similar	It would be a side grade.  The pay is similar	I hope you make the right choice!
6	I was scared when my dad was in the hospital. It just made me worry	I was scared when my dad was in the hospital. It just made me worry	What happened?
7	I have been getting everything ready for grad school and I think I  finally have all that I need.  [SEP] what are you studying? [SEP] Counselor Education for School Psychology.	Counselor Education for School Psychology.	oh wow that sounds impressive. good luck!
0	Make a point to do that even if you don’t feel like it	Make a point to do that even if you don’t feel like it	It's hard to do it when your mind is playing tricks with you
6	This weekend, I am going to help my friend move to his new home. [SEP] Awesome! What does his new house look like? [SEP] It is a big house with a pool. I like it.	It is a big house with a pool. I like it.	Oh a pool! Inground or above ground?
0	I always try to predict the needs of my family too. Like how you're ironing clothes. [SEP] That's a good thing. It can sometimes be overwhelming though [SEP] Yes, August is always the toughest month of the year for us. Everything the kids do starts then.	Yes, August is always the toughest month of the year for us. Everything the kids do starts then.	I know what you mean. We are getting club schedules together for my teen
8	My parents paid for all my years in college. It would have cost me a small fortune, so I am forever thankful to them! [SEP] How nice of them. My oldest is paying her own way. I wish I was in a situation that I could help her more. [SEP] Yeah, I felt really lucky not having to get student loans!	Yeah, I felt really lucky not having to get student loans!	I'm sure it was a huge relief not having to worry about loans. I'm still dealing with mine and I graduated in 2008.
0	I'm so excited that school starts tomorrow. I need a break! [SEP] I know right. Mine started yesterday [SEP] Mine are acting extra bad today for some reason! [SEP] They want you to remember their last summer vacation day with you.  [SEP] Yeah I definitely won't forget! [SEP] I wouldnt dare home school. lol [SEP] I honestly don't understand the whole concept of homeschool..like why???	I honestly don't understand the whole concept of homeschool..like why???	me either. that;s no preparation for the world
4	i got home from running errands today to find someone broke in and took my tv and laptop  [SEP] Oh no that is horrible! Did you call the police? [SEP] yes i did. i just got both the tv and the laptop 	yes i did. i just got both the tv and the laptop 	That's good. I'm sorry that terrible thing happened to you.
0	I went to the post office earlier and it was closed. [SEP] Oh no, did you go on time?  [SEP] I was so mad I didn't get there earlier.	I was so mad I didn't get there earlier.	Just leave it. Try to be punctual here after.
8	I can't wait for this new video game to come out in November. It will be great to play it but it so far away! [SEP] What game are you waiting for? [SEP] The newest pokemon game "Let's Go Pickachu" A bit nerdy I know but I love the series. 	The newest pokemon game "Let's Go Pickachu" A bit nerdy I know but I love the series. 	I used to love those games growing up so I can't judge you for it!
2	I'm leaving town tomorrow for a mini vacation. [SEP] That is awesome. you must be very excited. [SEP] I can't wait.   I'm so sick of work right now.	I can't wait.   I'm so sick of work right now.	I bet. It will be great to have some time to unwind and not think about it.
4	I went to the pool yesterday all by myself because my friends ditched me.	I went to the pool yesterday all by myself because my friends ditched me.	I'm sorry, does that happen often?
1	Did you know today is my birthday? [SEP] No, Congratulation. Do you have something planned today? [SEP] I did not. I came home and was greeted by a large group of people and balloons	I did not. I came home and was greeted by a large group of people and balloons	That is nice.
6	Someone spread rumor about my hubby.	Someone spread rumor about my hubby.	That's terrible. Did you guys clear that out?
6	So when i was a teenage my father took my game console away.	So when i was a teenage my father took my game console away.	Did he tell you the reason?
0	i miss the old days when people would just talk and not have to check their phones every 5 min	i miss the old days when people would just talk and not have to check their phones every 5 min	I miss that too! I am always telling everyone to get off their phones and be present. 
5	I really like a new perfume that I've tried but it's so expensive I don't know if I should get it [SEP] Maybe if you search some more it will go on sale. But if you really like it you should get it. [SEP] yeah maybe, I've been checking for it at discount stores. Perfume is one of the most marked up items though, not sure if it's worth it	yeah maybe, I've been checking for it at discount stores. Perfume is one of the most marked up items though, not sure if it's worth it	Just think how happy it will make you feel each time you wear it.
2	I just celebrated my 30th birthday. My family gifted me with a cruise to Mexico with my sister. [SEP] wow that is an awesome gift!! [SEP] I couldn't believe how thoughtful it was!	I couldn't believe how thoughtful it was!	I bet you'll have a great time
7	I lost my wallet and someone found it and returned it to me.	I lost my wallet and someone found it and returned it to me.	Oh that's quite luck and fortunate for you, I've never had a lost wallet returned.
1	I am headed to the goodwill later to drop off some donations	I am headed to the goodwill later to drop off some donations	that's very kind. Many people wouldn't go out of their way to do that.
7	I was so so happy when I finally saw my school grades. [SEP] That's fantastic. How did you do? [SEP] I passed all my classes for once in my life.	I passed all my classes for once in my life.	Congratulations! Sounds like your hard work really paid off!
6	Once a buddy of mine jumped his bike over a moving car	Once a buddy of mine jumped his bike over a moving car	Really? That is a crazy thing to do
5	I'm excited to start on a new website design tomorrow. [SEP] What kind of website are you planning on designing? [SEP] Our company landed a big deal with a local car dealership!  So it should be a fun project.	Our company landed a big deal with a local car dealership!  So it should be a fun project.	Nice! Perhaps I can go buy a car on the website one day!
7	I knew I was smart but I had no clue I was that smart. [SEP] How smart? [SEP] I got into our state college but never would have thought I could get into an Ivy league...I was completely shocked	I got into our state college but never would have thought I could get into an Ivy league...I was completely shocked	Well done!
2	My parents raised me like a king and I'm thankful for that.  Because although I was introverted for most of my life I was pretty confident and successful in my abilities and always did well no matter what I did [SEP] That is so wonderful that you give your parents the credit and are so grateful for what they did for you! [SEP] I sure didn't do it on my own...well I did but if I was raised horribly I know I wouldn't be the man I am today.	I sure didn't do it on my own...well I did but if I was raised horribly I know I wouldn't be the man I am today.	I hope my kids say the same thing about me helping them that much when they grow up.
3	I am waiting my exams results. I am sure that I passed the exams.	I am waiting my exams results. I am sure that I passed the exams.	i hope that you did well on them
4	I feel horrible. I lost my temper and slapped my dog :( [SEP] Thats not good, Did he do something to you? [SEP] Yes, he bit me. But he's only a puppy, it's expected behavior. I should have known better.	Yes, he bit me. But he's only a puppy, it's expected behavior. I should have known better.	Im sorry but you should still never hit him. It could just make him bit again
4	So the first time I ever went to donate blood, after I signed up I instantly regretted it. I was soo worried about that big needle, and when it finally came time? It wasn't even a big deal, it was soo easy. [SEP] Everything is harder until we do it. And am proud of you for donating blood. It is one of the good habit of this human race i would say. [SEP] Thank you! I felt a lot better after having done it. Do you know what blood type you are? I'm O+, so I feel like I really aught to donate more.	Thank you! I felt a lot better after having done it. Do you know what blood type you are? I'm O+, so I feel like I really aught to donate more.	yeah am B+, O+ is quite common and it can match for other blood group and O-ve is the opposite
3	The hotdog I had tasted pretty funky. I'm not sure if it's gone bad	The hotdog I had tasted pretty funky. I'm not sure if it's gone bad	I hope you do not get sick!
0	A friend of mine just won  a lot of money off of a lottery ticket. [SEP] Oh man that's amazing! How much was it? I hope they share. [SEP] $10,000.  I feel happy for her, but still wish it had been me instead.	$10,000.  I feel happy for her, but still wish it had been me instead.	Yeah I'd be in your shoes thinking the same thing as well. That's almost heart stopping news to hear.
0	Wow haunted houses are spooky.	Wow haunted houses are spooky.	Yeah, and it's not too far away from halloween now
4	I got locked out of my house today and couldn't shower despite being really sweaty.	I got locked out of my house today and couldn't shower despite being really sweaty.	Sorry to hear that.Are you still locked out?
3	I did not make it to church yesterday. I still feel bad about it	I did not make it to church yesterday. I still feel bad about it	It's okay. There's always Wednesday service or online sermons you can watch.
4	My dog was my best friend, now he's gone and I feel isolated.	My dog was my best friend, now he's gone and I feel isolated.	Oh no I'm so sorry to hear that. Are you thinking about getting another one?
3	I saw a year book from way back with me in school as a kid. I felt weird looking at it [SEP] It is kind of odd to look at ourselves from that long ago, and we didn't even realize what we looked like usually at that time. [SEP] Yeah, that is how I felt doing it	Yeah, that is how I felt doing it	It's like you're looking at someone else almost.
3	I was flipping through looking at all my baby pictures.	I was flipping through looking at all my baby pictures.	Awe! Hopefully they were cute pictures
5	While playing baseball with a few friends in my backyard, I knocked the ball over the fence and heard my neighbors window break. We all ran inside and acted like nothing happened. [SEP] Did the neighbors come after you? [SEP] I haven't heard from him yet. Maybe he doesn't know it was me? Gosh, I feel terrible now. I should probably have gone straight to him and offered to pay for it.	I haven't heard from him yet. Maybe he doesn't know it was me? Gosh, I feel terrible now. I should probably have gone straight to him and offered to pay for it.	Maybe or at least recovered your basketball!
3	I tripped and fell face first at a bar last night. [SEP] Oh no are you alright? [SEP] Yep, my pride might be a little brusied though.	Yep, my pride might be a little brusied though.	Well, just never go back to that bar and make all new friends!
8	I recently made a move across states for work, but am having trouble meeting new friends out here. [SEP] Making new friends can be tough, is there anyone at work you bond with? [SEP] Not sure yet as I just met them recently, but I am hoping that work provides a way for me to meet some people.	Not sure yet as I just met them recently, but I am hoping that work provides a way for me to meet some people.	I am sure that you will meet some new friends@
8	I watched the first Spiderman with Tobey Mcguire yesterday. Such a flashback to the past.	I watched the first Spiderman with Tobey Mcguire yesterday. Such a flashback to the past.	I used to have the DVD but I sold all of the to upgrade to Bluray. I havent seen that in forever
2	I am hopeful that my new degree will land me a better job	I am hopeful that my new degree will land me a better job	it will
2	I studied endlessly for my biology final, and while I was taking the test, I felt good about my responses [SEP] That's great!  Such a satisfying feeling!  Did you get a good grade? [SEP] Yes! I got an A. It was definitely satisfying to see that my hard work paid off.	Yes! I got an A. It was definitely satisfying to see that my hard work paid off.	I hope you were really proud of yourself :-)
0	Someone had to walk into the bathroom after I had used it and made it smell really badly. As I was leaving, they made a comment about how bad it smelled, and I couldn't help but cringe [SEP] I am sorry to hear that, it is pretty embarassing to be in situations like that [SEP] I know... nothing I could have avoided. Either that, or soil myself in public. Yeah, easy choice. I guess we all have those experiences from time to time. I will never eat spicy Indian food again, unless it's at home.	I know... nothing I could have avoided. Either that, or soil myself in public. Yeah, easy choice. I guess we all have those experiences from time to time. I will never eat spicy Indian food again, unless it's at home.	Haha I hear you there, that stuff is potent
7	My son was accepted into college the other day!	My son was accepted into college the other day!	Congratulations! thats awesome.  Does he know what hes going for?
0	My first pregnancy did not go as planned at all - in fact, it will probably go down as the most scary time in my life. [SEP] Oh no! What happened? I can't imagine having to go through something that scary.  [SEP] Things were fine until 36 weeks.  Then all you know what happened.  I developed HELLP syndrome, my organs started shutting down, blood pressure was super high.  Had an emergency c-section and in the hospital for over a week after - came close to losing both of us.	Things were fine until 36 weeks.  Then all you know what happened.  I developed HELLP syndrome, my organs started shutting down, blood pressure was super high.  Had an emergency c-section and in the hospital for over a week after - came close to losing both of us.	Holy moly! I am so glad you are okay. I'm sure that gave you quite a fright. 
5	My mom is doing her best to put me through college on her own. She raised me and my brother by herself, and while doing so she put enough aside to cover a chunk of my college expenses somehow. I guess she invested some of they money her grandparents left her, and it turned out to really pay off. She surprised me with this and I had no idea she was going to do that. I don't deserve her. [SEP] Your mom is awesome [SEP] She is! I try to tell her as much as I can. But she's very humble, so she doesn't pay attention to it. I've been trying to strategize on ideas of how I can properly show her that I appreciate all that she's done. It feels like everything would be too little a sentiment.	She is! I try to tell her as much as I can. But she's very humble, so she doesn't pay attention to it. I've been trying to strategize on ideas of how I can properly show her that I appreciate all that she's done. It feels like everything would be too little a sentiment.	Maybe you should go on a trip together
4	I asked a friend I'd had for a very long time to be in my wedding. She agreed and then completely disappeared from my life.	I asked a friend I'd had for a very long time to be in my wedding. She agreed and then completely disappeared from my life.	I'm sorry that's rough.  Did you ever find out why?
4	My dog has cancer, and he's starting to walk around really slowly.	My dog has cancer, and he's starting to walk around really slowly.	So sorry, that must be devastating for you. 
2	Im feeling a little bad about what I did maybe I shouldnt maybe I should idk. 	Im feeling a little bad about what I did maybe I shouldnt maybe I should idk. 	I'll be the judge of that
2	I let my friend take my car to work today. 	I let my friend take my car to work today. 	hope he takes care of it
8	My small dog lunged and killed a baby bird that had fallen out of its nest. [SEP] Did anyone else see what happened? [SEP] No, just me.  I was holding back my other dog.  It was really hard to watch, even though I know it was his instinct.	No, just me.  I was holding back my other dog.  It was really hard to watch, even though I know it was his instinct.	Dogs can get crazy like that sometimes, I'm glad no one else saw it happen!
5	I am so sick of cleaning up after everyone! I cleaned the whole house last week.	I am so sick of cleaning up after everyone! I cleaned the whole house last week.	I think it's about time you lay down some rules!
4	Last year, when  my kids were both at school, I would get lonely at home sometimes.	Last year, when  my kids were both at school, I would get lonely at home sometimes.	I can understand that. It's usually either parents are happy they are out of the house, or sad that they're gone. I'm sorry you feel lonely. 
0	I buy a lottery ticket every week. No luck so far but I'll keep trying. [SEP] I do the same. At least we're contributing to somebody's fortune. [SEP] I dream of winning. I need to break this cycle of living paycheck-to-paycheck. 	I dream of winning. I need to break this cycle of living paycheck-to-paycheck. 	You and me both.
4	By mistake, I saw an image of a car accident. I was disgusted. [SEP] Oh wow that sounds awful! was it graphic? [SEP] Yes, the image keep coming back. Terrible.	Yes, the image keep coming back. Terrible.	I'm so sorry you had to go through that.
0	My friend just got engaged to her girlfriend. [SEP] That's great! How exciting! [SEP] Is it? I can't even get a boyfriend!	Is it? I can't even get a boyfriend!	Yeah I know what you mean. It probably feels like you're losing a friend.
2	A bit unexpected but nice: my utility bills were much lower than expected this month. [SEP] Right on, glad to hear it. I hate utility bills and how unexpectedly high they can be. I especially hated living with roommates who didn't mind getting them really high, just for the sake of having it a little cooler. [SEP] Yeah I agree. You never know what it will be each month. I expected it to be higher this month due to the increase in A/C and fan usage, but actually wasn't bad. 	Yeah I agree. You never know what it will be each month. I expected it to be higher this month due to the increase in A/C and fan usage, but actually wasn't bad. 	I hope it stays that way for you. Luckily I'm in an apartment now where the utilities are included, so I don't have to stress about what it's going to be, or confronting my roommates.
4	I am so sad lately.  My husband needs a lung transplant and he is only 40 years old. [SEP] Oh wow. I'm so sorry to hear that. Was this an all the sudden thing or has he been in poor health? [SEP] It has been happening gradually over a number of years he has a genetic form of COPD and has never smoked or done anything to deserve this. [SEP] It's so hard how that usually is the case. Never deserved. Is his surgery scheduled soon? [SEP] He just got put on the list for the transplant so now he has to wait until its his time.	He just got put on the list for the transplant so now he has to wait until its his time.	I'm really sorry. I can't imagine what you're going through. I'll be praying that he will get his lungs ASAP and that in the meantime, you'll feel at peace.
1	After 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	After 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	thats awesome news! congrats
4	my neighbor has this big old dog that keeps pooping huge poops on my driveway [SEP] I hate that, did you ask them to stop [SEP] the owners don't care, they said yes they will keep the dog inside but never do	the owners don't care, they said yes they will keep the dog inside but never do	That isnt good, sorry
3	In university, for my major of social work, we all get mandatory internships where they place us in certain ones and we have no control over it. Some other students received cool internship placements, and I feel like mine doesn't compare. Kind of disappointed I didn't get something more interesting	In university, for my major of social work, we all get mandatory internships where they place us in certain ones and we have no control over it. Some other students received cool internship placements, and I feel like mine doesn't compare. Kind of disappointed I didn't get something more interesting	That's unfortunate. At least you can use the experience with your current internship to get you to another place you want to go!
6	i gave birth to a beautiful princess [SEP] That makes you a queen. [SEP] yes i am a Queen, am so excited, my husband both a special gift for me after my delivery	yes i am a Queen, am so excited, my husband both a special gift for me after my delivery	What's that ?
3	I'm nervous about the last half of the year. I've been having rough financial times. They'll get better in February, but it's a long time till then. [SEP] I am sorry to hear that. I am sure you be fine. [SEP] I hope so, but I'll be sweating bullets until then.	I hope so, but I'll be sweating bullets until then.	We all go through tough times. It will work out for you in the end.
5	Do you ever see kids playing and get taken back to your childhood? That happens all the time for me. [SEP] Yeah and how easy life was? i wish we could atleast have 1 day a year like that but to actually feel as free as them!  [SEP] What a great idea! Who do we write letters to to get that to happen?	What a great idea! Who do we write letters to to get that to happen?	Idk ourselves maybe? lol :D
0	I hate having to wake up early for appointments. My biggest fear is that I will oversleep and miss it [SEP] I understand, I have trouble waking up early too. [SEP] I wish I was an early riser but it's not for me.	I wish I was an early riser but it's not for me.	Me too, I just have to set a bunch of alarms and try my best.
6	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	Oh I would be mad at them too! Do you know who it was?
6	My dog pooped on the rug today.	My dog pooped on the rug today.	Oh no! We're you able to clean it up?
0	I missed the sale on a laptop I've been wanting for work. [SEP] That is disappointing.  What kind of laptop is it? [SEP] I'm not very techy, but it would be great for work. The one I'm using now is super slow.	I'm not very techy, but it would be great for work. The one I'm using now is super slow.	I know how that is.  Good luck with your search!
2	i cant wait to see if i got teh promotion at work	i cant wait to see if i got teh promotion at work	I hope you do. IS there a big pay raise
0	So... I am tired of getting cold french fries every time i go to this fast food restaurant.	So... I am tired of getting cold french fries every time i go to this fast food restaurant.	Haha, I'm with you.  That's the worst, it almost ruins the meal.
7	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that I can carry my grand child [SEP] That must be such an amazing feeling! [SEP] It is a mile stone achievement, I think only someone that gave birth early can boost of this feeling at 40	It is a mile stone achievement, I think only someone that gave birth early can boost of this feeling at 40	Well I'm really happy for you, man.
8	So i felt bad once because i broke my parents fax machine. What made me feel bad even more he got angry.	So i felt bad once because i broke my parents fax machine. What made me feel bad even more he got angry.	well he did have a right to be angry (depending on how you broke it ofc)
3	My friends dad past away, it was hard on her and the rest of her family. I ended up putting together one of them food trains to help them out	My friends dad past away, it was hard on her and the rest of her family. I ended up putting together one of them food trains to help them out	Good job. That can be really tough to go through that.
5	I'm not looking forward to rollercoaster riding next weeked :( [SEP] Why? Are you scared to ride it? I can relate, so if that's the case, just skip it. [SEP] Yeah!  I've never been on one.  We're taking the kids though.	Yeah!  I've never been on one.  We're taking the kids though.	Oh, I see, so it's kind of a have-to scenario. Well, I always let my hubby do that, but maybe you're the hubby too lol. 
8	My mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs. [SEP] Oh wow, that is great for her [SEP] I know, I'm really glad she stuck to it.	I know, I'm really glad she stuck to it.	Its a good thing to be healthy
3	I could believe it, Did my friend really just say they loved me. [SEP] That's a bit shocking, huh? [SEP] very very much, we had only been friends a few weeks.	very very much, we had only been friends a few weeks.	Wow I wonder what will happen now
7	I hesitated before getting on the rollercoaster because it looked so scary! 	I hesitated before getting on the rollercoaster because it looked so scary! 	im terrified of rollercoasters
5	I hope to get engaged soon, I have been with my boyfriend for 6 years [SEP] I hope so too! Do you know if he is planning on proposing anytime soon? [SEP] We have talked a lot about getting married, but I don't think we're ready for kids, so we're taking our time to get married too	We have talked a lot about getting married, but I don't think we're ready for kids, so we're taking our time to get married too	Bah, he should just do it already! In the wise words of the late Rhiana: "If you like it you should put a ring on it".
7	When the letter came in the mail- I was so scared to open it. [SEP] Oh no, what did it say? [SEP] That I got into my dream colleg	That I got into my dream colleg	Oh congratulations!  I am so happy for you!
7	Yesterday I was preparing to paint my bedroom furniture and I unearthed so many dust bunnies from under my bed! [SEP] It's never too late for some late summer cleaning! [SEP] Yes I should have done this a long time ago!  [SEP] Sounds like it.  Are you going to sleep better tonight knowing its clean? [SEP] Haha I think so! 	Haha I think so! 	Good to hear :)
7	I met up with my best friend in high school for the first time in 15 years. [SEP] That's cool! That is a long time! Was he the same as he used to be? [SEP] Yeah, we're both way different, haha!  But it was nice to catch up and reminisce.	Yeah, we're both way different, haha!  But it was nice to catch up and reminisce.	Yeah, remembering old times with a good friends is always fun!
6	My neighbor loaned me their new BMW to use while my car is in the shop. [SEP] That was nice of him, did you put gas in it? [SEP] I sure did and keeping it nice and clean!	I sure did and keeping it nice and clean!	Did you drive it fast?
7	I have been practicing for the interview tomorrow that all this week. [SEP] It sounds like a big opportunity for you.  Are you ready for it? [SEP] I am! I am pretty darn hopeful that I am going to crush this interview.	I am! I am pretty darn hopeful that I am going to crush this interview.	Good luck, I'm sure you will do well.
0	My daughters little dog passed away about 4 months ago, it really shook all of us.	My daughters little dog passed away about 4 months ago, it really shook all of us.	i am so sorry for you.  I know what a crushing experience the passing of a beloved pet can be.  You must be very sad.
5	I finally moved out of my home, because the neighbors are so annoying.	I finally moved out of my home, because the neighbors are so annoying.	That really stinks. Maybe they will take the hint?
6	I went to the public toilet and went out with a toilet paper sticking out of my pants...	I went to the public toilet and went out with a toilet paper sticking out of my pants...	Oh no! That's awkward. Are you able to laugh about it now?
6	I am about to enter the workforce again soon. Hopefully	I am about to enter the workforce again soon. Hopefully	What job are you going to get?
4	I loaned some money to my friend at work. Turns out he quit a couple days ago and I won't be getting my money back as I have no way of contacting him.. [SEP] Wow! What a jerk for him to up and leave with no way to contact him. Was it a lot of money? [SEP] It was a medium amount of money but still, he did me so dirty.	It was a medium amount of money but still, he did me so dirty.	I'm so sorry, you should see if you can find him on social media!
0	My best friend moved to my dream town and in a great big house. [SEP] Oh, wow.  Are you happy for him? [SEP] Yes but i am not going to lie. I wish it were me. lol	Yes but i am not going to lie. I wish it were me. lol	Yeah, we all get jealous sometimes.
6	I got really mad yesterday because my husband made a huge mess in the house. [SEP] Oh wow. That sounds like me and my husband! [SEP] There are still beer cans all over my living room as we speak.   Makes me so mad!	There are still beer cans all over my living room as we speak.   Makes me so mad!	That would make me mad, too. How hard is it to throw stuff away?
2	I believe that most people are good people, deep down. [SEP] I agree with that. I always try to give the benefit of the doubt at first. [SEP] I am a high school teacher and it's hard to keep that in mind sometimes	I am a high school teacher and it's hard to keep that in mind sometimes	Oh man. Bless your soul! I bet that can test your patience.
8	My daughter has a cold today, so I'm taking care of her. [SEP] Im sorry to hear that? Is it a bad cold? [SEP] No, not too bad. She'll be fine in a few days.	No, not too bad. She'll be fine in a few days.	That's good to hear. But kids can be a handful when they are sick.
3	I felt pretty alone last week. All of my friends were busy	I felt pretty alone last week. All of my friends were busy	Thats never fun. Hope you can make time with them next week.
2	I really love my new girlfriend. I will do anything for her. [SEP] Yes! love is an amazingly powerful thing. [SEP] Yes, I really think I will marry her.	Yes, I really think I will marry her.	That is amazing, I truly hope that happens.  you deserve it.
1	I think I will get my debt paid off sooner than I originally planned!	I think I will get my debt paid off sooner than I originally planned!	That's so awesome! What a huge relief that must be. 
5	I can't believe my younger brother makes more money than i do. [SEP] Well, at least you dont have to worry about him begin ok in life. He can take care of himself, now. You can give him tips on making better choices with his money [SEP] Yes you are very right. I just wanted to be his role model and he surpassed what i can do. [SEP] I understand.My little brother did too.. I have the family and he has the career. We are 10 years apart, but he make a ton more money than, I do. Maybe you can get your brother to invest in homes, and you all start a business. [SEP] Thats a smart idea! Thank you! I should try to combine forces...haha	Thats a smart idea! Thank you! I should try to combine forces...haha	Right, you should! Remember they arent making any more land!
3	I get sentimental about my family, they mean a lot to me and I do not know what I would do without them	I get sentimental about my family, they mean a lot to me and I do not know what I would do without them	I feel you buddy.. Family is above everything
2	I am really happy with how my life is going right now, not many complaints! [SEP] that's wonderful! I'm happy for you  [SEP] Thank you, I wish the same for you!	Thank you, I wish the same for you!	thank you! I hope you will have a great rest of your night
0	I've been working hard as a waiter this summer. Kind of fun since it's helped me develop social skills.. One person even tipped me $25 when their order was only like $8. Caught me off-guard that someone wanted to be that nice to me [SEP] I had some one tip me a $25 chip at the casino after seeing a pic of my daughter in my locket. I cried lol [SEP] Dang, nice! Yeah, it's cool when they realize we're humans and just trying to do the best we can. I was hating the job for a while, and then that happened and it was enough to keep me going for another week. Just the little things	Dang, nice! Yeah, it's cool when they realize we're humans and just trying to do the best we can. I was hating the job for a while, and then that happened and it was enough to keep me going for another week. Just the little things	Serving tables is hard. some days you can work your hardest and make absolutely nothing. I had to quit after so many years
8	I had a great night the other evening.  [SEP] That's nice. [SEP] My wife had made a gorgeous spaghetti dinner, and it was ready the moment I came home.	My wife had made a gorgeous spaghetti dinner, and it was ready the moment I came home.	Aw. No one cooks for me :(
3	I'm in my late 20s and don't have a college degree [SEP] What are you waiting for to get one? [SEP] I work retail and should get one to get a better job.	I work retail and should get one to get a better job.	Ok then, go get one and stop complaining.
8	My mom takes care of me so much. I feel like she is Mother Teresa!	My mom takes care of me so much. I feel like she is Mother Teresa!	Aww, that's sweet of her! You're lucky to have her, not all moms are good.
7	I got a promotion at work!	I got a promotion at work!	Congratulations. Did you get a raise too?
6	I like to give to charity.	I like to give to charity.	What charities do you like to give too
2	I volunteered at a homeless shelter yesterday, and it was an amazing experience. I feel so blessed to have all that I do. [SEP] thats so nice of you. [SEP] It's truly rewarding to be able to help others in need.	It's truly rewarding to be able to help others in need.	i bet it is.
5	My friend's life before was really starting to get bad until he turned it around.	My friend's life before was really starting to get bad until he turned it around.	Maybe they found a lover to share life with.
7	My husband is so amazing, I could never imagine going astray and cheating on him. [SEP] That sounds like a great relationship! How long have you been together? [SEP] 8 and a half years but it still feels like we just met yesterday.	8 and a half years but it still feels like we just met yesterday.	Beautiful! Wish you many many more
1	Jesus will come home and save us all one day. [SEP] Yes he will.  [SEP] He is the only reason i wake up in the mornings.	He is the only reason i wake up in the mornings.	He's a beautiful reason to get up
1	I dropped a mug and my coffee went everywhere [SEP] Yikes! That made a mess I bet. Did you get burned? [SEP] No, just a hassle to clean it all up	No, just a hassle to clean it all up	Yeah, and it can stain. I drop my coffee more often than I am willing to admit.
4	Last year my grandmother passed away. It's still hard to cope with	Last year my grandmother passed away. It's still hard to cope with	Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Losing a family member is so hard.
2	I kept looking at the door expecting my father to walk in any minute. [SEP] I hope you wasn't to disappointed was you to going to spend time together?  [SEP] Yes, we was supposed to come see me, and he never showed.	Yes, we was supposed to come see me, and he never showed.	A simple call would have been nice hopefully he has a good explanation for this. 
2	I have studied and am sure I will pass the test. [SEP] Good luck! Do your best. you sound well prepapred. [SEP] I expect an A.	I expect an A.	I hope you get it!
1	In university, for my major of social work, we all get mandatory internships where they place us in certain ones and we have no control over it. Some other students received cool internship placements, and I feel like mine doesn't compare. Kind of disappointed I didn't get something more interesting [SEP] That's unfortunate. At least you can use the experience with your current internship to get you to another place you want to go! [SEP] Yeah, that's kind of true. We can't change them while in school. They have to place so many people, so they can't really give people the flexibility of choosing where they want to go, or else that would get too complex and hectic. So, I understand that. But still.. some of these places don't match up to some others. I'll be twiddling my thumbs and not learning much, while others will get a good experience. I guess I just have to make the most of it.	Yeah, that's kind of true. We can't change them while in school. They have to place so many people, so they can't really give people the flexibility of choosing where they want to go, or else that would get too complex and hectic. So, I understand that. But still.. some of these places don't match up to some others. I'll be twiddling my thumbs and not learning much, while others will get a good experience. I guess I just have to make the most of it.	That's a great attitude. You will be fine, and can use this as a learning experience
4	first time home owner here, so proud [SEP] I am aspriing to be one, congrats! [SEP] are you a homeowner	are you a homeowner	not yet, I am still young
6	I went to the movies by myself yesterday. I have no friends.	I went to the movies by myself yesterday. I have no friends.	what movie did you see?
3	"Looking forward to the start of the college semester. It's my senior year and I feel like I have a grip on things	"Looking forward to the start of the college semester. It's my senior year and I feel like I have a grip on things	Well then It's time to dominate. LOL 
4	My girlfriend at the time seemed to be so much more passionate when talking to one of her friends. [SEP] What do you mean exactly? She doesn't have the same passion when speaking to you? [SEP] She just seemed to be so much more energetic and engaged when she was talking to him.	She just seemed to be so much more energetic and engaged when she was talking to him.	Oh wow, I'm sorry to hear that. That must hurt.
6	I interviewed for a job this week	I interviewed for a job this week	how did it go?
3	I just got some crushing news. I just got a call to tell me I did not get the job I really wanted. [SEP] Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that!  [SEP] Yea it was a really great opportunity too. It will be hard to find something similar.	Yea it was a really great opportunity too. It will be hard to find something similar.	Hopefully something similar will come up soon. Maybe you can check for another position in the company you're hoping for!
7	I love my wife and kids. I sacrifice so much time for them all and it feels great! [SEP] Same, don't know what i would do without them. [SEP] I feel responsible for their future and I want to do everything I can for them!	I feel responsible for their future and I want to do everything I can for them!	That's part of being a good parent, it all goes hand in hand.
7	I am hoping to become an English teacher but I am waiting on test results to come back.	I am hoping to become an English teacher but I am waiting on test results to come back.	I bet you are very eager to find out, good luck!
7	I'm not looking forward to tomorrow :/ [SEP] Why? What happened? [SEP] We're taking the kiddos to six flags and they're gonna make me ride coasters lol [SEP] Oh! I thought it was something bad, I hate roller coasters too! [SEP] Yeah I've never rode one before!  So scared :(	Yeah I've never rode one before!  So scared :(	Good luck!
1	Last week when I was coming back to my home from office, a strange man approached me [SEP] Oh no, what happened next? [SEP] I had a gun. I felt I was ready. If anything would have happened, I could have used it.	I had a gun. I felt I was ready. If anything would have happened, I could have used it.	I'm glad nothing happened.
7	I  provide for a family of 8. It's tiring but rewarding [SEP] Wow! The struggle is real. I hope you're not too tired and stressed. I wish you luck for being so selfless!  [SEP] I love my wife alot, we had a set of twin 3 times in a row so the children are 6 plus myself and her all 8 [SEP] Do twins run in your family or are you just lucky? I mean that seriously, not sarcastically  [SEP] I got lucky :) 	I got lucky :) 	That's awesome! You won the kiddo lottery! I wish you all the best of health and happiness!!! 
7	I'm excited for my birthday coming up!  I'll be seeing friends I haven't seen in a long time!	I'm excited for my birthday coming up!  I'll be seeing friends I haven't seen in a long time!	always great to see people youve been away from, happy early birthday!
5	I was mislead by a worker who wanted to undermine my work. I had a high estime toward his co worker before this. [SEP] That's always hard to deal with. What did he do? [SEP] He gave wrong data in purpose. This resulted in me presenting wrong results to our IT director.	He gave wrong data in purpose. This resulted in me presenting wrong results to our IT director.	I'm sorry he did that to you. Maybe it was just a misunderstanding.
4	I did everything I could and acted my heart out and still didnt get the part.	I did everything I could and acted my heart out and still didnt get the part.	I'm sorry! I'm sure something better will come along.
4	I'm feeling really on edge still.	I'm feeling really on edge still.	I'm sorry to hear that, do you know any way to help yourself calm down?
4	I was so stressed the other day...  [SEP] How come? [SEP] I had to put my dog down at the VETS office. 	I had to put my dog down at the VETS office. 	Oh no, I couldn't imagine! I'm so sorry!
4	I lost my mother recently, she was sick with hypertension and diabetics	I lost my mother recently, she was sick with hypertension and diabetics	I am sorry to hear that.
2	I have been working so hard and it seems my payment can no longer take care of my bills  [SEP] This has to be a very stressful time for you. How are you holding up? [SEP] I am about to lose it, but i will talk to my boss about it	I am about to lose it, but i will talk to my boss about it	I hope they s/he will view you as a valuable member of their organization and do what is necessary to make sure you are well compensated. 
1	so a couple weeks ago i went out partying with some friends and while we were drinking my friend went out to do drugs to feel better but since i was his bestfriend i didnt like to see him throw his life away like that and mentioned that we were already drinking he didnt need to get higher but he refused so i started yelling to chill out and he shoved me to the ground. i felt he chose the drugs over friends	so a couple weeks ago i went out partying with some friends and while we were drinking my friend went out to do drugs to feel better but since i was his bestfriend i didnt like to see him throw his life away like that and mentioned that we were already drinking he didnt need to get higher but he refused so i started yelling to chill out and he shoved me to the ground. i felt he chose the drugs over friends	I can see why you feel that way. Sometimes addicts aren't in full control of their decisions, though.
8	I remember spring cleaning with my mom.	I remember spring cleaning with my mom.	I bet you didn't enjoy it back then
0	Spent a lot of my saturday organizing and cleaning my room. There's no better feeling that knowing you accomplished an errand you were supposed to do, and getting to enjoy clean space after your hard work.	Spent a lot of my saturday organizing and cleaning my room. There's no better feeling that knowing you accomplished an errand you were supposed to do, and getting to enjoy clean space after your hard work.	That's wonderful! You're right, it is so rewarding to stand back and see everything clean once you are done.
4	my cat's an outdoor cat that i let out to have fun, and i just found out he was run over by a car yesterday	my cat's an outdoor cat that i let out to have fun, and i just found out he was run over by a car yesterday	Oh no! How old was he? I'm so sorry losing a pet is so hard.
6	i hope im going to get to go fishing this weekend [SEP] Fishing is truly fun. We occasionally go with my friends too. Do you go frequently? [SEP] we try to get out a few times a year.. always ends up raining on the weekend we make plans to go!	we try to get out a few times a year.. always ends up raining on the weekend we make plans to go!	That is bad. Do you live in a place with high humidity?
6	My girlfriend broke up with me and i am quite upset [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. How long were you together? [SEP] just about 2 years.  I hope I can get her back.	just about 2 years.  I hope I can get her back.	Did you do something to cause the breakup?
0	I can't stand trump.He is a disgrace to the presidency of the USA [SEP] holddddd up.. he is making america great again [SEP] America was great before him and it will be greater after he left the presidency	America was great before him and it will be greater after he left the presidency	i dont know about all that 
7	I am hoping to win the lottery this week	I am hoping to win the lottery this week	I wish you luck in that, the chances of winning the lottery are super slim!
6	I was scared going home alone!	I was scared going home alone!	That’s no good. Why?
8	A couple weeks ago I help a door open for an elderly couple. I really think it's important for youth to care for the elderly! [SEP] That was really nice of you! I'm sure they appreciated the gesture. [SEP] I think so! It's like caring for your grandparents.	I think so! It's like caring for your grandparents.	Its important to care for the older generation who once cared for us. 
7	my wife is amazing, shes the only one i want	my wife is amazing, shes the only one i want	Sounds like you lucked out, make sure she knows how special she is :)
5	I've been married for 30 years. I love my husband but I kind of miss the fun of flirting and dating someone new.	I've been married for 30 years. I love my husband but I kind of miss the fun of flirting and dating someone new.	Oh, maybe that's a sign to bring fun and adventure in your relationship?
6	Waiting for my brother at the airport. Haven't seen the dude in years.	Waiting for my brother at the airport. Haven't seen the dude in years.	where has he been?
4	I went to get an apple this morning. It was rotting. [SEP] That's disappointing. I know how that goes. Its happened to be before [SEP] It was, it completely ruined my breakfast.	It was, it completely ruined my breakfast.	Sorry :(
5	so a couple weeks ago i went out partying with some friends and while we were drinking my friend went out to do drugs to feel better but since i was his bestfriend i didnt like to see him throw his life away like that and mentioned that we were already drinking he didnt need to get higher but he refused so i started yelling to chill out and he shoved me to the ground. i felt he chose the drugs over friends [SEP] I can see why you feel that way. Sometimes addicts aren't in full control of their decisions, though. [SEP] yeah but there is always a time and a place and if i invite my bestfriend to have a good night and he decides to do his own thing it annoys me, as i hate seeing him like that and after that i felt the night was just ruined. 	yeah but there is always a time and a place and if i invite my bestfriend to have a good night and he decides to do his own thing it annoys me, as i hate seeing him like that and after that i felt the night was just ruined. 	I think you have a right to be mad over that. 
5	My kids are so bad about bringing their dirty dishes to the sink and not rinsing them off. [SEP] Aw man, kids can be SO lazy and don't like to do what they're supposed to. Have you tried a rewards system to get them to do what they have to, or are they too old for that? [SEP] They are to old for that. I don't have a dishwasher and have told them if they don't get it together they will be doing the dishes themselves.	They are to old for that. I don't have a dishwasher and have told them if they don't get it together they will be doing the dishes themselves.	YES. I say make them do it. Maybe take away phones, etc. if they don't get it together. No excuses for that!
2	Sometime, I have problem respecting my sleep schedule. So I wake up tired.	Sometime, I have problem respecting my sleep schedule. So I wake up tired.	It's hard to change habits sometimes.
3	I am so trying to find a creative way to make my son remember to take out the trash.  I'm wondering if it's just a man thing, a generational thing because I remember hearing my grandmother and my mom fuss about it.  Now it is my turn and I'm so over it. [SEP] If your son is very young and you give him an allowance then tie it to that! [SEP] Well, he's 20 almost 21 now and I thought that as he grew older it would become automatic.  I don't want his potential wife to be frustrated by what should be automatic.  	Well, he's 20 almost 21 now and I thought that as he grew older it would become automatic.  I don't want his potential wife to be frustrated by what should be automatic.  	Haha sadly it does not. I still hold off on doing it in my own apartment at 26. Unless they are very young I don't think here really is a good way unless it smells
4	I woke up feeling down today. 	I woke up feeling down today. 	I'm sorry to hear that. What's been going on?
0	My friend taught himself how to skate, and he just won his first competition. [SEP] Congrats to him!  What type of skating? [SEP] I'm not familiar with skating myself, but he was skating on some kind of rap and doing all kinds of tricks.	I'm not familiar with skating myself, but he was skating on some kind of rap and doing all kinds of tricks.	Oh, now I understand.  He is skateboarding. 
1	I trust my wife blindly 	I trust my wife blindly 	That is nice. we are suppose to trust our spouses.
7	Back in 2013 I won an NCAA bracket challenge online through a local restaurant. The payout was $1,000 cash. I was really excited...felt great.	Back in 2013 I won an NCAA bracket challenge online through a local restaurant. The payout was $1,000 cash. I was really excited...felt great.	Wow... That is exciting. Congratulations! I also won my fantasy football league this year and won $300 as well.
0	I hate it when my internet cuts off and starts slowing down. It bugs me out so much, maybe it's time to upgrade ISP.	I hate it when my internet cuts off and starts slowing down. It bugs me out so much, maybe it's time to upgrade ISP.	Ugh, I am with you on that. Mine has been doing that all week. It's so annoying and it costs even more to switch to someone else
5	My stepmother just died. I am very sad [SEP] I'm so sorry to hear that.  Death is not an easy thing to cope with. [SEP] No its not she was only in her 50s life is short 	No its not she was only in her 50s life is short 	It's a difficult way to realize you should live every day to the fullest potential.
0	I've been thinking about my highg school years a lot recently [SEP] Good memories I hope. [SEP] Yes. My daughter will be in high school soon so I think that's why	Yes. My daughter will be in high school soon so I think that's why	That will do it. I get that some too.
2	The lady accused me of being at fault for not honking my horn! [SEP] Oh no, was anoyone hurt? [SEP] Thankfully no 	Thankfully no 	That is good news, I hope your car is ok.
7	I entered a writing contest, but I didn't final in it. I was disappointed about that. [SEP] Sorry about that. You should try again and stay confident. The most important is to try. [SEP] That's how I feel. Every time one thing doesn't get accepted, I submit something else. 	That's how I feel. Every time one thing doesn't get accepted, I submit something else. 	Good. Stay focus and you will have success. We always learn something in our good and bad experiences.
6	MY favorite restaurant is closing its doors forever.	MY favorite restaurant is closing its doors forever.	What kind of place is it?
6	I decided to change jobs lately, but I am now not sure about my decision.  [SEP] Are your not liking your new job? [SEP] I am now not sure I will adapt to this new job and I am not liking my new boss either.	I am now not sure I will adapt to this new job and I am not liking my new boss either.	That's no good. What are you going to do?
6	This guy "friend" my ex was talking to all of the time made me uncofortable [SEP] I understand. Me too, I don't like people talking too much. [SEP] It's weird and uncomfortable. Especialy  when there is a past there 	It's weird and uncomfortable. Especialy  when there is a past there 	Are you still seeing him?
1	My fiance took a new job about a year ago, and he would eventually get his own work vehicle after the 6 months of training. After that long time of him having the car all day I am happy that his training is over and he gets his work truck and I get the car back!	My fiance took a new job about a year ago, and he would eventually get his own work vehicle after the 6 months of training. After that long time of him having the car all day I am happy that his training is over and he gets his work truck and I get the car back!	Nice!  Six months is a long time to be car-less.  I'm sure you have a new sense of freedom to do what you want and need to do while he's at work now.
2	I got into an argument with my mom since we really need money and she wants me to get a job. [SEP] Aww.  How do you feel about that? [SEP] I was already looking for jobs at the time so the argument really annoyed me.	I was already looking for jobs at the time so the argument really annoyed me.	Yeah I bet.  Hey at least you're out there trying.  That's all you can really do.
4	My best friend had to leave town to help take care of her mother who was diagnosed with lung cancer.	My best friend had to leave town to help take care of her mother who was diagnosed with lung cancer.	I feel sorry for your friend.
4	"I had a good friend who just lost their child to leukemia.	"I had a good friend who just lost their child to leukemia.	im so sorry to hear that :/
1	While visiting the zoom, I noticed some of the workers going into a panic and then they began running. I learned later that lion had escaped it's enclosure! [SEP] omg that is so scary , especially if you took all your little ones with you that day [SEP] I did. We ran to the closest bathroom and stayed inside for a while! I think the zoo is going to be in big trouble. They gave everyone a refund and also free tickets.	I did. We ran to the closest bathroom and stayed inside for a while! I think the zoo is going to be in big trouble. They gave everyone a refund and also free tickets.	refund and tickets wont do anything , someone messed up big and they need to be fired 
4	I had to give a speech at work and I forgot what I was going to say. [SEP] Oh no! That's an extremely common thing to happen. Did you recover? [SEP]  I stood there mute for a full 3 minutes before having to step away unfortunately.	 I stood there mute for a full 3 minutes before having to step away unfortunately.	Sorry to hear that. You'll get it next time I'm sure!
8	"I was backing out of the driveway and I ran over a bike that I had told the kids to put away. I was so mad. [SEP] Wow,  that was not cool at all [SEP] The bike was totaled and I had damage to the car. Needless to say somebody was in big trouble.	The bike was totaled and I had damage to the car. Needless to say somebody was in big trouble.	Ohhh kids.  Please just take it easy on them ok
1	My son is learning his ABC's. He can go to C now and count to 3 so I think he will do well learning the rest of it. Im proud of him	My son is learning his ABC's. He can go to C now and count to 3 so I think he will do well learning the rest of it. Im proud of him	That is great!  There is no better feeling than the one you get when your kid makes you proud and happy!
3	We just bought a used car and we've already had to take it to the shop [SEP] That's unfortunate. Sometimes used cars can be tough to deal with [SEP] Yeah, it's annoying. Hopefully nothing else goes wrong with it.	Yeah, it's annoying. Hopefully nothing else goes wrong with it.	I hope not. I have a feeling things will get better
1	This Spring Break we decided to Ski Resort in Colorado with my college friends. It was truly special and full of exciting experiences	This Spring Break we decided to Ski Resort in Colorado with my college friends. It was truly special and full of exciting experiences	I love Colorado.
2	My friend has been taking care of his elderly mom, going to school and work full-time. [SEP] Wow, that's amazing of him, it must be really hard. [SEP] It is hard for him. I try to help, when I can.	It is hard for him. I try to help, when I can.	That's really kind of you, I bet he appreciates all the help he can get big or small.
4	I didn't get the job position I applied for and I really wanted it.	I didn't get the job position I applied for and I really wanted it.	Sorry to hear that. Did you try to find similar job position on the job market?
0	One time I got picked over for a job, it was a real bummer. [SEP] were you qualified ? [SEP] Yeah, in fact I felt a bit overqualified for the job. And the person who it was eventually given to did not have the same or even equal quality qualifications.	Yeah, in fact I felt a bit overqualified for the job. And the person who it was eventually given to did not have the same or even equal quality qualifications.	its all apart of life sometimes
2	I went to watch a movie and sat behind a group of kids who talked the whole time. It was hard to enjoy the movie. [SEP] did you tell them to stop speaking? [SEP] I did tell them to stop. They ignored me. and snickered instead. It was irritating.	I did tell them to stop. They ignored me. and snickered instead. It was irritating.	i bet .Next time call the people in charge
2	I have been getting ready for grad school and I am feeling a little anxious about it. [SEP] It can be pretty scary getting ready for a new environment. but i am sure after the first day it will be gone. [SEP] I sure hope so! I really want to do well!	I sure hope so! I really want to do well!	I'm sure you will! I bet you will do great things after school!
1	Just got back from a job interview. I was able to answer all the questions and the recruiter seem impressed.	Just got back from a job interview. I was able to answer all the questions and the recruiter seem impressed.	Thats a great way to start
6	I am ready for the winter storms.	I am ready for the winter storms.	Storms? Why?
0	My friend works 2 jobs to support her 3 kids	My friend works 2 jobs to support her 3 kids	thats a strong woman , i know of people that dont work at all a refuse to pay child support , in my eyes they are not men
6	After a long, hard week at work, I am headed to the campground this week to disconnect. [SEP] its always good to get away and reset [SEP] I am pretty certain that I have everything we need for the weekend getaway.	I am pretty certain that I have everything we need for the weekend getaway.	did you make a check list and double check it?
3	My mom makes me babysit my nephew all the time. [SEP] I would not want to be in your position it's ok to help but all the time it can be dreadful.  [SEP] I am sick of it. He is a brat.	I am sick of it. He is a brat.	It will get better put your foot down and maybe say no in a nice way to not step on any ones toes.
2	My mother died last night my friend. I am pretty out of it right now. [SEP] oh im so sorry, please don't worry, i know it's tough but i learned that death is only a beginning not the end  [SEP] That is quite a interesting statement hmmm.	That is quite a interesting statement hmmm.	just like birth, death is the start of another process unclear to us, the unseen, and i believe in this deeply, your mother is fine, she is always there
6	I was sad when a girl canceled our date. I was looking forward to it	I was sad when a girl canceled our date. I was looking forward to it	Did she give you a reason why?
1	I've been putting in a lot of work teaching my dog how to run an obstacle course. Yesterday he did amazing; he broke his old speed and wasn't distracted a single time while doing the course! [SEP] hahaha you must be so proud! How long did it take you to teach him? [SEP] Right at two months, I'd say. Was hard work but totally fun at the same time!	Right at two months, I'd say. Was hard work but totally fun at the same time!	Man, I'd love to see that!
6	This spring I got to go visit with my dad who I haven't seen in ten years!	This spring I got to go visit with my dad who I haven't seen in ten years!	That sounds great! Did you have a good visit? I hope it wasn't awkward. 
1	I am so happy with my life right now.	I am so happy with my life right now.	That must be a great feeling!  Good for you!  You should be proud that things are going well and not take it for granted.
7	i was outside watering my flowers and seen a snake [SEP] Oh no, how scary! What did you do? [SEP] took off as fast as i could [SEP] I don't blame you, snakes are scary! Do you know what kind of snake it was? [SEP] a big one. lol	a big one. lol	Lol, yikes!!
0	I was packing for a move to a new city and I stumbled upon my old diary. Brought back so many memories. [SEP] You must have felt nostalgic of the old days. [SEP] Absolutely. I was sitting down reading through it and just enjoying the memories. Made me a little sad to move away.	Absolutely. I was sitting down reading through it and just enjoying the memories. Made me a little sad to move away.	I understand it is usually hard moving to a new city leaving some many people and placed behind
6	My husband had to go to a conference for the entire week all the way across the country.	My husband had to go to a conference for the entire week all the way across the country.	Where did he end up flying too?
2	I've struggled with my weight for years and my ability to stick to a diet, but for the past four months I have been very dedicated to a new diet approach! I'm seeing amazing results. [SEP] that is awesome. i too have had the same issues. [SEP] I'm trying a new thing where I'm fasting for 16 hours a day by skipping breakfast. Makes it so much easier to stay faithful to a diet plan! [SEP] i wouldn't eat until 11 am and then stop eating by 9pm [SEP] Yeah, that sounds like a really good idea!	Yeah, that sounds like a really good idea!	it's not as hard as i thought it would be. certainly helps with staying within a certain amount of calories per daay.
1	My son won an art contest at school it was so great! 	My son won an art contest at school it was so great! 	You must be excited and proud all at the same time.
7	the chargers have the roster to be great this season, but we are having so many preseason injuries	the chargers have the roster to be great this season, but we are having so many preseason injuries	I hear you. You always have to have faith in your team.
8	Was grocery shopping, and saw my old best fried in the dairy aisle. Haven't spoken to them in like ten years, even though we used to be really close. We caught up a little bit, and exchanged numbers to talk more later. Funny how small the world is sometimes. [SEP] yes dude the world is a trip, i made many friends over the years online and when i bump into them i make sure i go up to them and chit chat and shake hands, you never know when someone will pass away ,  [SEP] That's actually a really good point.. I do online gaming, so I have tons of online friends, almost all of which I'm sure I'll never meet. And I definitely have lost touch with most of them, just because it's so easy to. I don't really do social media either, so I don't have that to kind of glue things together. Wonder why it's hard for adults to keep friends	That's actually a really good point.. I do online gaming, so I have tons of online friends, almost all of which I'm sure I'll never meet. And I definitely have lost touch with most of them, just because it's so easy to. I don't really do social media either, so I don't have that to kind of glue things together. Wonder why it's hard for adults to keep friends	i have in real life friends , and a regular job , but because of back problems and sciatica ive made many friends online i consider to be like brothers social media has let me make relationships while in bed lol
6	I have an interview this week. I've been doing lots of research for it.	I have an interview this week. I've been doing lots of research for it.	What is the interview for?
0	My friend got the job promotion I was supposed to get. [SEP] oh damn, that sucks so much, i am sorry, but if he is your good friend you should be happy for him, maybe something better awaits you [SEP] I guess so, but I am so envious of him.	I guess so, but I am so envious of him.	i know you are, and it takes a lot of practice to remove this feeling, but it's a bad feeling to have and you should look for other chances
6	so i saw a snake outside my apartment today, i hate snakes, so disgusting eww	so i saw a snake outside my apartment today, i hate snakes, so disgusting eww	I would have went running like forest gump - what did you do? 
3	I am very upset and a bit disgusted by that the person I live with still doesn't like paying bills. You have to pay bills to have things [SEP] I am sorry, roommates can be annoying sometimes [SEP] Not a roomate lol-but yes. That's how life works though. If you want things and luxuries, they cost money. I'll never understand entitled people.	Not a roomate lol-but yes. That's how life works though. If you want things and luxuries, they cost money. I'll never understand entitled people.	I will not either
2	Just found some of my long lost CD's. [SEP] thats awesome , i have not purchased cds in ages lol [SEP] I burned these old ones, had my favorite pop punk songs ont hem.	I burned these old ones, had my favorite pop punk songs ont hem.	i bet that brought back a lot of wonderful memories , from the good old days
8	I met my friends girlfriend and he is so lucky. She's funny and beautiful. The whole package.  [SEP] make a plan to pluck her away [SEP] I don't know. I don't want to upset my friend though. 	I don't know. I don't want to upset my friend though. 	dump the first, and go for her
3	I have just eaten a whole packet of cookies [SEP] wow, they must be really tasty for you to have done that [SEP] No - I'm just lacking any kind of wilpower to stop!	No - I'm just lacking any kind of wilpower to stop!	You will be fine buddy. Type therapy for stoping cookie addiction on youtube, I am sure you will find something helpful there
0	There's a fly inside this house and I can't, for the life of me, kill it. I'm trying to work peacefully and it just keeps buzzing around	There's a fly inside this house and I can't, for the life of me, kill it. I'm trying to work peacefully and it just keeps buzzing around	I hate that. Flies and gnats are so annoying
1	I was terrified when I heard a knock at my door late at night [SEP] Who was it? [SEP] It was my neighbor letting me know I left the garage open	It was my neighbor letting me know I left the garage open	That was nice of them.
3	My uncle died last year in may [SEP] Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. It's very hard to lose a loved one, I know from personal experience. [SEP] yea it was very disheartening to hear	yea it was very disheartening to hear	Yes, even though death is part of life, it's very hard. I hope things are better for you.
3	I had the worst night last night. I found out my uncle hit my cat with his car. It happened two weeks ago and he never told me!  [SEP] He is a terrible person! Did he even know it was your cat? What took so long... [SEP] I don't know. I couldn't stop crying. It was just awful	I don't know. I couldn't stop crying. It was just awful	I hope you feel better
8	I sat home all day by myself yesterday [SEP] Sounds relaxing, being a mom I could use a day like that!  [SEP] lol.  I don't have any kids to keep me busy.  I just sat there playing video games and doing laundry!	lol.  I don't have any kids to keep me busy.  I just sat there playing video games and doing laundry!	I hope it was a good day for you, atleast you did something productive and got some laundry done haha
8	i was at work and when i went out to my car there was a meowing sound [SEP] I know where this is going lol [SEP] do you know? i thought so too [SEP] So it wasn't a kitten? [SEP] i wish! here i am looking all over for a kitten under my car or in the wheel well or up in the engine. but nooooooo! [SEP] What was it? [SEP] a freaking bird squaking about that sounded like a baby kitten in distress.	a freaking bird squaking about that sounded like a baby kitten in distress.	There were some burds fighting under my car once and I thought it was cats.
6	"I went to a baby shower for my friend the other day, only to realize I bought a present for a baby boy and not a baby girl! [SEP] That must of looked really bad. [SEP] I couldn't believe how stupid I felt. I can't bare to show my face at any event ever again!	I couldn't believe how stupid I felt. I can't bare to show my face at any event ever again!	Why not buy another gift?
5	I was the one who stole the camera from the studio.	I was the one who stole the camera from the studio.	Hey you should give that back
0	Next week might be fun.....kinda scared though :/ [SEP] What's happening next week? [SEP] Taking my neice and nephew to six flags.  I've never ridden a coaster before [SEP] Really! They are so much fun [SEP] That's what everyone says but they're scary.  Maybe if I try one I will like them!	That's what everyone says but they're scary.  Maybe if I try one I will like them!	DEfinitely. It's an adrenalin rush
4	It was pretty shocking for me to learn that I have failed my Calculus exam when I had studied so hard for it	It was pretty shocking for me to learn that I have failed my Calculus exam when I had studied so hard for it	Ahhh.  Math.  I have certainly been there before.  I am so sorry!  Is there any way to retake it?
1	So my daughter totally lied through her teeth right to my face yesterday. [SEP] Oh no! Hopefully that is the first time that has happened. [SEP] Nope! School called me yesterday to inform me she never showed. I asked my daughter how her day was at school and she totally played it off like she was there the entire day. had no idea i was on to her. [SEP] That is terrible! Especially since it was the whole day. Are you planning to punish her? [SEP] oh yeah. She is grounded and now has to wear a uniform to school even though the school doesn't require it. LOL	oh yeah. She is grounded and now has to wear a uniform to school even though the school doesn't require it. LOL	Lol.  I love it.  That is a great way to remind her of why she shouldn't lie.
1	I am content right now, I have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends	I am content right now, I have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends	That's awesome! It sounds like your life is going pretty smoothly :) Any big plans?
7	I am up for a promotion at work. There are three other people up for it too but I am sure I will get it	I am up for a promotion at work. There are three other people up for it too but I am sure I will get it	Congratulations on getting that far! What position is it?
3	I'm having a difficult time doing even basic tasks for myself due to anxiety. But i'm hopeful that something good will happen for me. I feel bad about complaining about anxiety after finding out your mother is ill. [SEP] Everyone in life has problems, do not feel bad for sharing yours I hope it gets better for you. [SEP] Thank you, that means a lot to me.	Thank you, that means a lot to me.	You are welcome, I am glad I can put you in a better mood.
8	I broke down and finally watched the film "A Quiet Place" last night.  It is the first time in my adult life that I wanted a night light when I went to bed.	I broke down and finally watched the film "A Quiet Place" last night.  It is the first time in my adult life that I wanted a night light when I went to bed.	heh .. it was ok but kinda boring in a theater
8	My wife told me she had some news for me the other day, she wanted to tell me she was pregnant. [SEP] Thats awesome news congrats!  [SEP] Yeah we weren't reallllyyy trying, so it definitely wasn't expected, but still good news!	Yeah we weren't reallllyyy trying, so it definitely wasn't expected, but still good news!	even better honestly then you didnt have to deal with the stress of trying and it just came natural! 
0	Just heard back from my boss about a promotion. He says it sounds good that I would get it. [SEP] Awesome! It seems like you really worked hard, what type of work do you do? [SEP] I work in marketing. It's kinda cut throat sometimes.	I work in marketing. It's kinda cut throat sometimes.	Oh, yeah. I couldn't do that type of work. It is too stressful for me.
2	Saw my brother graduate college last month! Felt so happy for him finally achieving what he's worked hard for. Hope he gets a job soon, though [SEP] That's awesome, the exact opposite is true for me. My little brother is just about to start his first year of college next month! [SEP] Ah, he'll be under a lot of stress. Hopefully you guys can maintain your relationship through it all, as college tends to sweep people away and take up all their attention.	Ah, he'll be under a lot of stress. Hopefully you guys can maintain your relationship through it all, as college tends to sweep people away and take up all their attention.	Yes, I hope so. Well, I hope your brother can put his degree to good use and make some moolah!
7	I received a trophy for the chess finals match. [SEP] Was it first place? [SEP] Yeah, I won it after a long period. Since I played chess in my school. After a few years I played only in this match.	Yeah, I won it after a long period. Since I played chess in my school. After a few years I played only in this match.	Congratulations. I learned to play chess in third grade.
1	We got to go to Walt Disney World this February.  We didn't think we'd be able to go.	We got to go to Walt Disney World this February.  We didn't think we'd be able to go.	That's great! I went a few months ago and really enjoyed it
1	We just had a house fire one month ago. We lost most of our things and our dog, Pudges. [SEP] Sorry to hear that, it must be absolutely devastating. But you must stay strong. [SEP] It really shook up our world but possessions aren't important and we are thankful that our family didn't get hurt.  Its been surreal but we have had do much support from others.	It really shook up our world but possessions aren't important and we are thankful that our family didn't get hurt.  Its been surreal but we have had do much support from others.	I am glad you have all the support you need. The important thing is your family is safe. 
3	Oh man.  I heard something crash behind my house.   [SEP] That is never good.  Did you go out and check on it? [SEP] I'm kind of afraid too!  I think its the aliens coming for me.	I'm kind of afraid too!  I think its the aliens coming for me.	At least you will have a fun story to tell at parties.
2	My best friend is coming to visit me tomorrow.  [SEP] Cool!  What are you all gonna do?  [SEP] We are going to go clubbing! I am so happy to see her!	We are going to go clubbing! I am so happy to see her!	That's awesome!!  I hope you have fun and be safe!
4	It was very random when it happen, but my grand ma passed away and it was sad. I did not expect it	It was very random when it happen, but my grand ma passed away and it was sad. I did not expect it	Death can happen in an INSTANT! I have been there the past year. I am sorry!
8	My son's second birthday is coming up and it has been thinking of when he was born. [SEP] Aw he's still a little guy. [SEP] I know, times just goes by so fast!	I know, times just goes by so fast!	Cherish the moment while you can!
1	My parents threw me a surprise birthday today! I was shocked to see the mountain of presents upon walking through the door. [SEP] WOW, how amazing!  I love surprise parties.  Did you get a lot of good stuff? [SEP] I did! I got everything I wanted and then some! I have the best parents.	I did! I got everything I wanted and then some! I have the best parents.	That is awesome, I mean the gifts are nice, but it's even better to know that you've got people that love and care about you.
5	I got an ice cream cake for my birthday and it was really good. It was rather big so we had plenty left over we kept in the freezer. My husband took it out to defrost it enough to cut it while I wasn't home and totally forgot about it and it all melted. I was upset. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that! It sounds like an honest mistake.  [SEP] I feel that its more like inconsiderate. My parents got me the cake and he forgot about it because he was losing in his video game. Honest mistake? Okay but seriously inconsiderate	I feel that its more like inconsiderate. My parents got me the cake and he forgot about it because he was losing in his video game. Honest mistake? Okay but seriously inconsiderate	Oh wow, defenitly sounds like he was too focused on video games. Maybe talk to him about how it made you feel so you don't get resentful. 
7	I bought new flavor of coffee today from Starbucks. I was so shocked at how bad it was. I'm never going to try a new coffee flavor. [SEP] Oh, that's never fun. You think you're going to discover a new favorite and then....blech! [SEP] Exactly. That's why I'm going back to my old ways so I don't get disappointed like that.	Exactly. That's why I'm going back to my old ways so I don't get disappointed like that.	The old ways are the best ways sometimes. 
8	So the other day I ate a piece of cake that my mom made for my dad as a gift, oops. [SEP] Oh no!  Well what he didn't know won't hurt him.  Hopefully you can get a replacement. [SEP] Unfortunately he walked in right as I took the last bite! Fortunately it all worked out so no harm done.	Unfortunately he walked in right as I took the last bite! Fortunately it all worked out so no harm done.	Awww well I am glad he was understanding about it.
7	We separated and she now  remarried  [SEP] were you shocked it happened so fast? [SEP] I was full of surprise 	I was full of surprise 	best to block her in every way so you don't hear about her life
5	I go to the store almost every day [SEP] That sounds like it can be exhausting [SEP] What's even worse is that I buy so much junk. I often forget the item I made the trip for	What's even worse is that I buy so much junk. I often forget the item I made the trip for	Maybe it's fulfills a strong urge to just buy something.
7	I have a presentation at work that I'm sure I'm going to do great! [SEP] I am sure you will! Did you make sure you took time working on it? [SEP] Yes I've been carefully working on it all week	Yes I've been carefully working on it all week	Then I know you will do great! Good luck!
1	I am anxiously awaiting a second puppy from a dog I rescued. I thought she might be pregnant but then I thought she wasn't after a week.  [SEP] Oh wow, where do you get these pets? from a shelter or off the street? [SEP] She was on the streets and starved and trying to get run over.	She was on the streets and starved and trying to get run over.	oh wow, thats good of you to be able to bring in dogs off the street.
1	I recently lost some weight and now when I dress up I feel more confident. [SEP] That's awesome! You must be feeling more alive and well [SEP] I definitely have a bit more energy.	I definitely have a bit more energy.	It's amazing how reaching those kinds of health goals brings things that you would have never even imagined before going through with it
3	It truly seems that all my friends have a much better husband than I do. [SEP] I'm sure that is definitely not true. What makes you think that? [SEP] He is one of those love is conditional people and it's so hard.	He is one of those love is conditional people and it's so hard.	Those type of people are really difficult to deal with. I hope he is open to change.
3	My new car was robbed last week during the night. [SEP] Oh my! I really hope that you find your stuff. Do the cops have any leads? [SEP] No, they have been useless. The car was parked just in front of my home. It is terrible.	No, they have been useless. The car was parked just in front of my home. It is terrible.	Well I really hope that your insurance was able to cover what you lost. 
1	I am shocked the US hockey team won hold in 1980. [SEP] Who did they win it over? [SEP] They beat Sweden in the finals.	They beat Sweden in the finals.	That is awesome!
7	When my son was 14, he got a black belt in Karate. He had to work hard for that.	When my son was 14, he got a black belt in Karate. He had to work hard for that.	Wow. You must be proud of him. Congratulations 
7	I recently found out my wife is pregnant.	I recently found out my wife is pregnant.	Congratulations. We have a boy on the way. 3 months to go!
0	So I have been worried about my hubs working out of state so much. But he is always calling and texting me while he's gone.	So I have been worried about my hubs working out of state so much. But he is always calling and texting me while he's gone.	Well that's a good sign. He knows you probably miss him and he wants you to know he's thinking aboutcha.
4	 I am not feeling in a good mood today.  [SEP] Oh no, I hope you feel better soon. Do you want to talk about it? [SEP] thanks im just upset because i had to put my dog to sleep 	thanks im just upset because i had to put my dog to sleep 	I'm so sorry. Have you tried reading Rainbow Bridge, that could provide some comfort.
1	I had my test for a new certification at work.  I really wasn't that nervous for it though.	I had my test for a new certification at work.  I really wasn't that nervous for it though.	You must have prepared well in advance to not be nervous!
6	Me and my sister were so close growing up. [SEP] Are you still close? [SEP] We hardly ever speak. I miss those days.	We hardly ever speak. I miss those days.	That's sad. Have you reached out to her?
3	I am really worried I will flunk my Geometry test. I just don't get the material. [SEP] That really stinks. Have you gone to get some help on it? [SEP] I'm going to call my friend that is a math wizard. Maybe he can help me understand this stuff.	I'm going to call my friend that is a math wizard. Maybe he can help me understand this stuff.	I am sure he will be able to help you. I hope you pass.
1	I am waiting intensely for a call back for a new job! I figure I have it! [SEP] Oh that is awesome! Im sure you do! Waiting for that can really feel like forever when its only been a few minutes! [SEP] Yeah, it is definitely building up!  I can't wait!	Yeah, it is definitely building up!  I can't wait!	Its good that you are excited! Im sure you will be a great asset for them!
6	I have a big test coming up.	I have a big test coming up.	What subject is it in?
2	The other day i was asked to bake a cake for a birthday party. I love baking cakes. [SEP] That's so fun! I've always wanted to get into baking. How did the cake turn out? [SEP] It turned out great! I knew I was going to be able to do it but made me so happy to see the outcome. 	It turned out great! I knew I was going to be able to do it but made me so happy to see the outcome. 	I bet you were so proud of your creation! I hope everyone enjoyed the cake.
2	I was glad when my dad retired. He deserved it [SEP] That's nice. Is he enjoying retirement [SEP] He is loving it	He is loving it	That's great. I hope to retire some day.
5	I left some bread in the fridge too long and it got all moldy [SEP] ewwww did you eat it?? [SEP] Nope! Threw it right out! Was so gross to see. [SEP] haha I bet.  Did it smell too? [SEP] Smelled awful! lol	Smelled awful! lol	Should have fed it to the birds!!
7	I have my final physics exam tomorrow and have been studying for it all week.	I have my final physics exam tomorrow and have been studying for it all week.	Good luck with that. Are you well prepared?
3	Tomorrow I have to give a presentation at work and I just found out that the Vice President of the company is going to be there.	Tomorrow I have to give a presentation at work and I just found out that the Vice President of the company is going to be there.	Oh boy I hope you get some sleep tonight!
2	My boyfriend broke up with me and I understand but I miss him a lot. I liked having him around, he always made me laugh and not feel like I was doing everything on my own. [SEP] I'm sorry that happened. Do you still have contact with him? [SEP] Nah, I'm doing that whole no contact thing that people suggest.	Nah, I'm doing that whole no contact thing that people suggest.	Cliche as it is, time heals all wounds and whatnot. I hope you can find somebody just as great as him or learn to be content on your own!
2	I was happy when my brother moved home. I missed him	I was happy when my brother moved home. I missed him	I bet! I am glad you have a good relationship with a sibling! That's rarer nowadays
3	I love my wife so much! [SEP] That is Good! How long have you been together? [SEP] About 10 years now.  Neither one of us as cheated so far!  I trust her so much	About 10 years now.  Neither one of us as cheated so far!  I trust her so much	Thats good! Sadly thats tough to find these days.
7	I'm excited for my birthday coming up!  I'll be seeing friends I haven't seen in a long time!	I'm excited for my birthday coming up!  I'll be seeing friends I haven't seen in a long time!	always great to see people youve been away from, happy early birthday!
5	I am really into giving and receiving good customer service.  It's something about excellent customer service that really makes a different in your day.	I am really into giving and receiving good customer service.  It's something about excellent customer service that really makes a different in your day.	Yes, I think people that work these jobs should call in sick when they are not in a mood.
7	I felt destroyed when I failed one of my college courses last year [SEP] Sorry to hear that. Was it a difficult course? [SEP] It was only calc 1 so i was quite embarrassed, I passed easily next year	It was only calc 1 so i was quite embarrassed, I passed easily next year	That is good if you could pass it.
2	I'm moving to the beach in 6 months and the anticipation is killing me!	I'm moving to the beach in 6 months and the anticipation is killing me!	Oh I have always wanted to live at the beach, I bet you will have a blast
3	So I lost my wallet and had to get a new ID issued to me.	So I lost my wallet and had to get a new ID issued to me.	I hope someone turns it in soon to you.. did you lose out on money too? 
8	I quit my job without having another one lined up.  I'm hopeful and optimistic that I will be okay and that this was the right choice.	I quit my job without having another one lined up.  I'm hopeful and optimistic that I will be okay and that this was the right choice.	I'm sure you will be able to get another one fairly quickly!
3	I quit my job due to the employer always lying to me, and they didnt even seem to care.  [SEP] Wow how unappreciative they sound. You will be better off at your next job I am sure. [SEP] I know it was too bad tho I had expectations of them but obviously they are fake! 	I know it was too bad tho I had expectations of them but obviously they are fake! 	Im sure your next employer will be much better. That is no way to treat an employee.
8	I really hope my daughter doesnt get bullied in school.. its so bad now.. 	I really hope my daughter doesnt get bullied in school.. its so bad now.. 	It really is bad everywhere and the bullying policies don't help. 
7	I recently purchased a Nintendo Switch and playing it reminded me of my childhood playing games with my friends. [SEP] Dang! What kind of games did you play? [SEP] I played Mario Odyssey which is incredibly fun.	I played Mario Odyssey which is incredibly fun.	I heard it is one of the best games of this generation!
5	I have my final exam for Linear Algebra coming in a week. I feel stressed out as I am not prepared	I have my final exam for Linear Algebra coming in a week. I feel stressed out as I am not prepared	Try to relax and think positive, visualize yourself acing the test.
6	Well I rescued another dog the other day and thankfully she is very calm and sweet but I was so worried when I saw her as I already have more then enough animals. [SEP] That's so awesome. Is she little or big? [SEP] She is in between. Just a pocket pit. She was so starved and abused and maybe pregnant. I had to help her. Even though it makes me worried- I am over the city limit.	She is in between. Just a pocket pit. She was so starved and abused and maybe pregnant. I had to help her. Even though it makes me worried- I am over the city limit.	But she needs you. It's similar to mine. My found my pit eating out of the dumpster. What did you name her?
8	Yesterday I bought a croissant inn the bakery and when I paid they gave me the wrong change.	Yesterday I bought a croissant inn the bakery and when I paid they gave me the wrong change.	Wow thats annoying.  but I hope they gave you more than you were supposed to get back
7	A few weeks ago i went to mcdonalds for lunch i waited 20 minutes no food, i went up and asked for my food since i only get 20 minutes , they said an error occurred and gave me my food within 20 seconds i was so mad [SEP] It has been really dry here, as well.  We are in a severe drought for the third time in four years. [SEP] what ? are you talking about 	what ? are you talking about 	5
1	Just sent out some applications for my dream schools. [SEP] Oooh, that's exciting!  What schools did you apply for? [SEP] Harvard and Yale, I'm nervous.	Harvard and Yale, I'm nervous.	That's worth being nervous over.  I'm sure you'll do great!
1	I was at work and when I went to the bathroom, it got really busy and my coworker go overloaded! I feel really bad [SEP] Probably didn't last too long when you got back though I'm guessing [SEP] I wasn't expecting it to get so busy so quick, I was gone around 5 minutes and we got slammed!	I wasn't expecting it to get so busy so quick, I was gone around 5 minutes and we got slammed!	It happens, I'm sure they don't blame you!
7	While my job doesn't pay a lot, it's very rewarding. I work as a caregiver and it feels  so good to make someone happy.	While my job doesn't pay a lot, it's very rewarding. I work as a caregiver and it feels  so good to make someone happy.	That must be amazing! I wish I had your job
3	I trust the current Canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with Trump. They will stand firm.	I trust the current Canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with Trump. They will stand firm.	Hopefully so, he is not making it easy for them or anyone!
4	I had always been early to work and never late until this past month. [SEP] Thats good to hear and do [SEP] Not really, because now I am always late! It all started because of having to carpool now.	Not really, because now I am always late! It all started because of having to carpool now.	I hate being late
7	I finally got all my paperwork for grad school ready. [SEP] Oh that must be relieving.  College in general can be pretty stressful! [SEP] Yes, It sure can be! I will be happy when I am done all together.	Yes, It sure can be! I will be happy when I am done all together.	I completely understand, I'm 6 months away from my Associate's degree! Good luck
0	I hate having to wake up early for appointments. My biggest fear is that I will oversleep and miss it	I hate having to wake up early for appointments. My biggest fear is that I will oversleep and miss it	I understand, I have trouble waking up early too.
1	I was pretty mad last week. My ac broke and it was so hot	I was pretty mad last week. My ac broke and it was so hot	Oh that's terrible. It's been so hot lately. I bet you struggled.
1	I knew I was going to do well at work this morning. I was prepared [SEP] That is the way to go! Keep it up! [SEP] It was a good morning	It was a good morning	Work is pretty great and makes a bunch of money!
2	i'm going to the doctor on thursday i'm very worried but i'm trying to stay calm	i'm going to the doctor on thursday i'm very worried but i'm trying to stay calm	Oh my! I hope that it goes well!
6	I took a test the other day. [SEP] What kind of test? [SEP] The GRE Exam.  I am sure I did very well on it.	The GRE Exam.  I am sure I did very well on it.	Good. Well done. When do you find out?
3	Wow, I just found out the craziest thing [SEP] What did you find out?? [SEP] My old babysitter when I was younger was only 3 years older than me.  She messaged me on Facebook and were going on a date this weekend	My old babysitter when I was younger was only 3 years older than me.  She messaged me on Facebook and were going on a date this weekend	Oh wow, are you excited?? I would assume so if you agreed to go on a date.  I hope you guys have a great time!
1	I was a dog on the side of the road that got hit by a car, and I was so sad	I was a dog on the side of the road that got hit by a car, and I was so sad	oh no thats horrible.  Im glad i didnt see that, i wouldve been so upset
6	I was using a quilt the other day and it reminded me of my great grandmother because she knitted it.	I was using a quilt the other day and it reminded me of my great grandmother because she knitted it.	That is nice.  Was the quilt passed down to you from her?
0	I was really scared about the possibility of losing my cat to a bad illness, but I was lucky that the vet worked hard to find out what was wrong. [SEP] Oh wow, I'm glad the vet was able to do that. It must have been scary.  [SEP] Yes, I was petrified at first because it looked dire! The vet knew how badly I wanted help for my cat, so thank heavens she cared to get an answer!	Yes, I was petrified at first because it looked dire! The vet knew how badly I wanted help for my cat, so thank heavens she cared to get an answer!	I'm so happy to hear that for you! I know how animals are the same as family members. 
4	My puppy died right after my cat.	My puppy died right after my cat.	Sorry to hear that. You must be going through a tough time. 
2	i went into that interviewing knowing the answer to every question they threw at me! [SEP] That's great!  I love it when something like that is completely under control. [SEP] yea it worked out great!	yea it worked out great!	Awesome!  I hope you got/get the job, and it goes well!
2	my daughet made the volleyball team [SEP] That's great!  Congrats to her!  I bet she worked hard. [SEP] yes, we both were on pin and needles	yes, we both were on pin and needles	I bet!  She's going to have so much fun
2	I have been doing lots of research for a job interview next week [SEP] When is the interview? [SEP] Wednesday	Wednesday	I hope you get the job
7	hi there? [SEP] Hi friend, how are you? [SEP] did you see my post above about allergy? [SEP] Not yet, I think you should talk to me about it. [SEP] I had severe allergy in couples of month. I tried a new diet and it was helpful in relieving my allergy. I felt happy. [SEP] To feel joy is the maximum, whatever the cause, I think it is a beautiful emotion. [SEP] I felt life is better afterward	I felt life is better afterward	Feel joy and feel peace, are the best combination of emotions to be happy in life.
4	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my door	Dang! That stinks. Im sorry. Did they just leave without saying something?
2	So I am headed to Mexico for work in about 2 weeks and I am a bit nervous.  I have never been and I am not sure what to expect.	So I am headed to Mexico for work in about 2 weeks and I am a bit nervous.  I have never been and I am not sure what to expect.	I think that it's completely normal to feel that way for such a long distance trip. I assume you're going from America. I bet you would feel better by doing a bit of research!
5	I can't believe I thought I'd get away with this... [SEP] Get away with what? [SEP] I'm doing awful in math class. We had an assignment and I found some of the answers in the back of the book.  [SEP] Did you get caught using them?! [SEP] I did! It was awful. I got called out in front of everyone, too.	I did! It was awful. I got called out in front of everyone, too.	Wow! That's terrible! Maybe next time just get a tutor instead of cheating!
8	I worked for a company for 5 years and I found a new job that paid better. I worked out the last of my shifts but I felt bad for leaving a company that was so good to me.	I worked for a company for 5 years and I found a new job that paid better. I worked out the last of my shifts but I felt bad for leaving a company that was so good to me.	I get that, but money talks at the end of the day
3	I robbed my grand parents once because of my addiction to drugs. They didn't notice but I feel bad about it. [SEP] Now that is something I would imagine is hard to deal with. I hope you are in a better place. [SEP] I still have issues with my addiction. I didn't get rid of it even with help. It is a terrible thing to leave with.	I still have issues with my addiction. I didn't get rid of it even with help. It is a terrible thing to leave with.	You just have to keep working at it.
7	I found a old tool box with my grandfather's tools in it in the garage. [SEP] oh that is cool, did it bring back some memories as well? [SEP] Sure did.  He was a carpenter.	Sure did.  He was a carpenter.	thats good
7	My husband put together a graduation party for me and I had no idea!	My husband put together a graduation party for me and I had no idea!	Hey... congratulations to you on both fronts! That sounds like double good news. It was probably fun having your hard work rewarded with seeing the faces of all your loved ones and having them personally congratulate you.
4	I interviewed for a new job but, didnt get an offer. [SEP] Are you sure you didn't get an offer but they are running behind? [SEP] Its been about a month	Its been about a month	I'm sorry, I'm sure you will find something soon.
1	This girl fell during a race, and everyone stopped to help her. [SEP] That is very sweet of them! [SEP] Yea, I'm glad they did it. It was a sight to see!	Yea, I'm glad they did it. It was a sight to see!	It sounds like it, people can be so sweet
6	I stubbed my toe last night	I stubbed my toe last night	Ouch! Are you okay?
0	Don't you hate it when you are not sure you can trust someone?	Don't you hate it when you are not sure you can trust someone?	yes i do, that's why i only trust one person, my wife
5	I'm sad that I have to leave to go back to school next week and leave my friends	I'm sad that I have to leave to go back to school next week and leave my friends	That is sad, but maybe you'll make new friends at school. Is it your first year?
6	I miss when my daughter was a baby... I feel like it's all a ablur now	I miss when my daughter was a baby... I feel like it's all a ablur now	I bet you had some good times when she was a baby!  How old is she now?
8	I took a test for class last week. I didn't prepare for it at all. So right now I'm so worried waiting for the results. [SEP] Well its not in your hands anymore so its best to stay calm and not worry about it now. [SEP] That's true. But the possiblity of getting a bad grade really scares me.	That's true. But the possiblity of getting a bad grade really scares me.	As it should, but a bad grade is not the end of the world.
8	I have had enogh of this summer heat. Cmon autumn! [SEP] I agree. I love autumn. [SEP] It gets do hot in memphis. My daughter is ready for school to start back anyway,	It gets do hot in memphis. My daughter is ready for school to start back anyway,	I love Memphis.
0	My daughter lied about running the dishwasher today [SEP] Well you know how kids are. Probably just forgot and was embarrassed  [SEP] That was it. She has got to stop that [SEP] Well be gentle but firm. Too much and you will scare her more then likely.  [SEP] maybe	maybe	Trust me, she probably already knows she made the mistake. Just teach her not to do it again.
7	I took my daughter roller skating for the first time recently and I was taken right back to my childhood. All I could think about was spending my Friday nights as a kid at the roller rink! [SEP] wow nostalgic. Wish you had time machine.. [SEP] I did, I'd love to be a kid again, feeling carefree.	I did, I'd love to be a kid again, feeling carefree.	best phase of our life.
4	By mistake, I saw an image of a car accident. I was disgusted. [SEP] Oh wow that sounds awful! was it graphic? [SEP] Yes, the image keep coming back. Terrible.	Yes, the image keep coming back. Terrible.	I'm so sorry you had to go through that.
1	So I was eating out at a place last week and I came across several hairs in my food.	So I was eating out at a place last week and I came across several hairs in my food.	Ugh gross! I have to say I have seen worse in food before!
3	I stepped in some dog poop walking in my neighborhood the other day. [SEP] That's disgusting, I would have a very hard time finishing that walk. Did you go straight home? [SEP] Yes I was wearing sandals so I went home to wash it off ASAP.	Yes I was wearing sandals so I went home to wash it off ASAP.	Oh my gosh, that makes it so much worse! I have done that before too, so I hope that neither one of us has that happen again!!
3	Hello, I brought dishonor on my family by not getting A in my math class	Hello, I brought dishonor on my family by not getting A in my math class	oh wow, you should have known better
3	I am just by myself this weekend  and i do not like it [SEP] That's terrible maybe getting out of the house and checking out our yard sale will cheer you up.  [SEP] That is a great idea, thanks for the tip	That is a great idea, thanks for the tip	no problem! Hope to see you 
2	i was impressed when i saw this guy eat a 3 lbs burger and 1 lbs fries for a free t-shirt	i was impressed when i saw this guy eat a 3 lbs burger and 1 lbs fries for a free t-shirt	That's a lot of food lol i bet he felt sick afterwards. I think i would try to do the same, just curious if i could eat that much
8	I felt alone when my friends left me	I felt alone when my friends left me	Its really devastating. But what really happened
6	My friend said they wanted to talk to me and didn't sound like their usual on the phone.	My friend said they wanted to talk to me and didn't sound like their usual on the phone.	what did they want to talk about
5	It looks like we are going to have to cancel our Labor Day plans. [SEP] Oh no! Why? [SEP] Well, his boss told him that he's going to have to work over the holiday instead and that he can't have the time off.  I'm kinda heartbroken over it, it was our only planned vacation this year.	Well, his boss told him that he's going to have to work over the holiday instead and that he can't have the time off.  I'm kinda heartbroken over it, it was our only planned vacation this year.	That sucks, maybe you guys can plan something for another weekend before it gets cold. I'm sure it will be cheaper too.
6	I hope I ace my math test on Monday.	I hope I ace my math test on Monday.	Are you prepared?
6	So i had this friend he wasn't great at a Multiplayer game i used to play with him. [SEP] What game was it? Did you give him tips? [SEP] Yeah, like i did my best for him to get better. But then i gave up on playing with him for a month.	Yeah, like i did my best for him to get better. But then i gave up on playing with him for a month.	Was he upset with you for it?
3	I purchased a new router and it was DOA when it got to me today :(	I purchased a new router and it was DOA when it got to me today :(	I hate when that happens.  Makes you want to leave things for the mailman.
2	My wife is having twins soon. I am eager and scared of the delivery date. [SEP] Congratulations! When is she due?  [SEP] In a few weeks. I'm beside myself with joy and worry.	In a few weeks. I'm beside myself with joy and worry.	I hope everything works out well for you! That is so exciting.
5	My teacher saw me cheat on a test	My teacher saw me cheat on a test	Oh no, you should probably deal with the consequences
7	One of my friends was doing pretty bad in school but he really turned it around recently. I'm really happy about that too.	One of my friends was doing pretty bad in school but he really turned it around recently. I'm really happy about that too.	Oh thats good 
7	I am very certain about my girl's love for me [SEP] That's so sweet. It's good to have that kind of faith in your relationships. [SEP] yes we have been together for 5 years now	yes we have been together for 5 years now	Congratulations. I hope you stay happy always.
7	I spoke with numerous active and reserve personnel about their basic training experiences.  There wasn't much positive in what they shared so my mind wallowed in what lay ahead.  Naturally I was worried to say the least. [SEP] Are you enrolling into army? [SEP] These were the experiences I had before I went into basic training. 	These were the experiences I had before I went into basic training. 	Well good luck, its a tough life.
8	I could not wait for last weekend to get here. We were going to see some new breweries  [SEP] I love visiting breweries! What's your favorite kind of beer? [SEP] I love a good saison	I love a good saison	Not my favorite but I had a really good one the other day with some kind of fruit in it, I could have downed a gallon of the stuff.
1	I just bought a pair of jeans and wasn't expecting them to fit very well but they did	I just bought a pair of jeans and wasn't expecting them to fit very well but they did	Its always nice to find clothes that fit well
5	Me: I was driving to work and saw a black guy with dreads doing a wheely on a bike that looked like it was for a 12 year old. It was pretty impresive [SEP] Oh yeah, I have seen those kind of micro bikes before. Takes some skill I suppose. [SEP] It was just a regular pedal bike	It was just a regular pedal bike	Maybe that's all he could spare for. Still got to stunt whenever possible. 
7	I had to put my dog to sleep yesterday. [SEP] So sorry to hear that. You must feel sad. [SEP] I am hurting so bad right now.	I am hurting so bad right now.	Time will heal. Remember you dog for all the good memories. 
4	My dog passed away a few days ago, we had him since he was a baby.	My dog passed away a few days ago, we had him since he was a baby.	Sorry to hear that RIP
2	I knew i would pass my math test that i studied for last week	I knew i would pass my math test that i studied for last week	It's a good feeling when you are successful after you have worked so hard. 
7	My best friend and I have been friends for over 20 years. I feel really lucky to have such a great friend. [SEP] That's so great! You guys have been able to stay close after so long! You must be very compatible with each other [SEP] we really are, we live over 500 miles apart now yet still best friends, it's pretty cool. 	we really are, we live over 500 miles apart now yet still best friends, it's pretty cool. 	Amazing! I wish I had some friends like that in my life
3	My wife went to her Mom's place. so bored without her [SEP] I can understand that. My husband went to a friends to work on his car. I'm home with 5 kids! [SEP] No need to worry about loneliness then.	No need to worry about loneliness then.	Ha ha! No loneliness here. I think the biggest worry is craziness.
1	I went to Mcdonald's for dinner earlier. 	I went to Mcdonald's for dinner earlier. 	I can understand 
5	wishing that he would call me [SEP] Why not just call him? Its not unheard of. [SEP] I did and he hasn't returned my call	I did and he hasn't returned my call	Maybe he is just busy right now. I wouldn't lose hope yet. 
4	This year has been the worst for rains and flooding. My house was recently affected and heavily damaged.	This year has been the worst for rains and flooding. My house was recently affected and heavily damaged.	Im sorry to hear that do you have insurance to help you?
7	I worked really hard at studying for the SAT. I just got my scores back and I scored really high. It made my parents happy.	I worked really hard at studying for the SAT. I just got my scores back and I scored really high. It made my parents happy.	Wonderful! Congratulations! What are you going in too college for?
8	Do you ever replay a video game or re-watch a movie you really enjoyed as a kid? The memories of your initial experience can really come rushing back. [SEP] I do that all the time. I can remember lots of times watching things from long ago. [SEP] It's always a bizarre but welcome experience. I downloaded Quest for Glory, a game I used to adore watching my father play. Now, as an adult, it isn't that great, but the memories are still there.	It's always a bizarre but welcome experience. I downloaded Quest for Glory, a game I used to adore watching my father play. Now, as an adult, it isn't that great, but the memories are still there.	I still play some games from the 1990s.
4	My dog died, I feel so lonely	My dog died, I feel so lonely	I'm really sorry to hear that. How long did you have it for?
0	I should be asleep right now! It's the weekend	I should be asleep right now! It's the weekend	Same here, though it is the summer for me.
8	I am scared about my upcoming job interview, I get really nervous about this type of thing [SEP] What type of job are you applying for? [SEP] It is an IT job, and I am qualified for it but still scared	It is an IT job, and I am qualified for it but still scared	I bet you are, but don't worry you got this!
8	We had a bad storm and the power was out for hours during the night [SEP] It just started storming here. I hope we don't lose power. [SEP] Storms are so unpredictable. It's best to be prepared when you know they are coming.	Storms are so unpredictable. It's best to be prepared when you know they are coming.	I keep saying we will get some flashlights, the ones only phone are only good if the phone is charged.
0	I can't believe I snapped at a customer today.. but they were being so rude [SEP] its understandable, they are so annoying [SEP] Yeah working retail is not easy	Yeah working retail is not easy	yea i hate it
4	What a scary night that was. [SEP] What happened? Hope you are okay? [SEP] My house burned night earlier, had to get my mom out.	My house burned night earlier, had to get my mom out.	Omg that is so scary, I am so sorry to hear that. 
5	I buy a lottery ticket every day but for some reason I have not won more than $10. My luck will soon change!	I buy a lottery ticket every day but for some reason I have not won more than $10. My luck will soon change!	Well You can be hopeful. But i think you should  stop gambling
5	I let out a moist, warm fart today in front of all of my co-workers today. [SEP] You must be very comfortable in your office! How did they react? [SEP] Some ran away in terror. Others in disgust. I think I sent one to the ER even. At any rate, I was mortified and I am sure I won't ever live this tragedy down.	Some ran away in terror. Others in disgust. I think I sent one to the ER even. At any rate, I was mortified and I am sure I won't ever live this tragedy down.	I am sorry that you now live in infamy. Maybe, with time, they can learn to forgive you.
3	We just got a new rabbit as a pet! [SEP] Aww, so cute! I bet your having such a fun time with him/her! [SEP] It's fun, but also a bit yucky. He isn't litter trained yet and has made a mess of the carpets.	It's fun, but also a bit yucky. He isn't litter trained yet and has made a mess of the carpets.	Wow I didn't know you could litter train rabbits. It's always challenging house training a new pet. I hope he learns quick!
8	I watched a movie that looked really good on the trailer but I didn't like it at all [SEP] What was the movie? Save me [SEP] I don't want to say because I feel like everybody should judge for themselves. 	I don't want to say because I feel like everybody should judge for themselves. 	Well thanks for nothing lol
6	One day I am going to win the lotto. 	One day I am going to win the lotto. 	oh yea? tell me where you live so when you do i know where to go to collect my share
6	I was afraid during the earthquake. [SEP] That's understandable was it strong?  [SEP] Yes a 4.0	Yes a 4.0	Wow, impressive. Was it your first? 
2	I have my final math exam tomorrow. [SEP] I hope you studied for it! [SEP] I did! I spent the entire week hard at the books. I've never felt so ready for a test before.	I did! I spent the entire week hard at the books. I've never felt so ready for a test before.	That's great! I hope you do well on your exam! Reward yourself after too
3	My friend was supposed to meet me at my apartment so we could eat at Starbucks.  But she ended up wanting a full body back rub.  It was a nice change of plans. [SEP] Oh, that's...interesting. That does sound like a nice change of plans, not only because Starbucks not seem that fun anyway. Hopefully she returned the favor? [SEP] Still waiting on that one hahaha	Still waiting on that one hahaha	Well, hopefully she doesn't keep you waiting for very long, if everything else is right! But maybe be more patient than even you think you need to be in order to play it safe, so she doesn't get scared off, so to speak. Sounds like it will be worth it in the end.
7	I am worried about starting my new job tomorrow. I am nervous I won't make good first impressions. [SEP] thats fair tho i wouldnt worry about it [SEP] Thanks I hope it goes well. I want to fit in if I can.	Thanks I hope it goes well. I want to fit in if I can.	good luck with that
8	I keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night.  [SEP] Oh no, he's probably lost. Maybe you should take him in and feed him. [SEP]  He won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat. I will feed him though. I have big dogs, so not sure if he'd come near my house :( I will try though! [SEP] At least you're concerned and interested in helping. Some people would ignore the poor little kitty and just let him die. Very kind of you! [SEP] Oh, I would never! I am just so beyond full with the same type! lol- And cats don't like to be packed in. I have seperate areas for my nice cats and mean cats and it's still a touchy balance! If I had a bigger house, I would help even more. They are so innocent! Our local AC doesn't do cats and I wouldn't want him pts anyway but I will always feed animals in need	Oh, I would never! I am just so beyond full with the same type! lol- And cats don't like to be packed in. I have seperate areas for my nice cats and mean cats and it's still a touchy balance! If I had a bigger house, I would help even more. They are so innocent! Our local AC doesn't do cats and I wouldn't want him pts anyway but I will always feed animals in need	If I had a huge yard, I'd probably have an entire farm house from all the stray animals I see and feel bad for! I can't help myself.
3	I had to go to court a few days ago.	I had to go to court a few days ago.	Oh, no. I hope for nothing to bad.
4	Someone had to walk into the bathroom after I had used it and made it smell really badly. As I was leaving, they made a comment about how bad it smelled, and I couldn't help but cringe	Someone had to walk into the bathroom after I had used it and made it smell really badly. As I was leaving, they made a comment about how bad it smelled, and I couldn't help but cringe	I am sorry to hear that, it is pretty embarassing to be in situations like that
2	My mom is getting older and having a tough time lately but I was a jerk that lost my cool and yelled at her on our phone call the other day. [SEP] I am sorry, it happens though [SEP] Yeah, I need to apologize to her later.	Yeah, I need to apologize to her later.	I am sure she will forgive you
3	My son had so much fun over the summer that he didn't want to go back to school. [SEP] how did the first day go ? [SEP] He did not go. He dropped out. I am not happy about it at all. It would be his senior year!	He did not go. He dropped out. I am not happy about it at all. It would be his senior year!	oh that stinks
8	I had to have this oral surgery once, I remember it very well because it was an uncommon procedure. They had to go up in my gums and attached a chain to one of my eye teeth and sew it back up and then once everything healed the orthodontist pulled the tooth down slowly over several months by attaching the chain to my braces. [SEP] I hate the dentist, they poke and prod so much. [SEP] Yeah, it was the orthodontist but my teeth are so straight and pretty now, it sure was painful and hard to put faith in someone over 5 years of surgeries and appliances in my mouth and all that jazz. I remember asking everytime, is this really going to be worth it?	Yeah, it was the orthodontist but my teeth are so straight and pretty now, it sure was painful and hard to put faith in someone over 5 years of surgeries and appliances in my mouth and all that jazz. I remember asking everytime, is this really going to be worth it?	I had braces growing up too, the worst part for me was the molding!
2	I am starting off at a new school next month. [SEP] Oh great! Is it a college and what are you studying? [SEP] No. It's highschool. I don't know anyone. I am pretty nervous.	No. It's highschool. I don't know anyone. I am pretty nervous.	Oh man! I bet you are! Just remember to be confident in yourself and you'll do fine! Don't let trolls to you either
2	Tomorrow, I'm going on my first cruise! [SEP] Wow, that sounds really fun! I've never been on a cruise! How long will it be for? [SEP] It will be for 14 days, I'm going to Europe! I've never been out of the country before!	It will be for 14 days, I'm going to Europe! I've never been out of the country before!	Neither have I, and that's on my bucket list! So jealous! I hope you have an awesome time!
2	I am really happy with how my life is going right now, not many complaints! [SEP] that's wonderful! I'm happy for you  [SEP] Thank you, I wish the same for you!	Thank you, I wish the same for you!	thank you! I hope you will have a great rest of your night
8	I just made a huge move across the country , and I don't know if it was the right choice. [SEP] Oh thats scary. I've been there. Just give it some time to feel right. Home is where ever you want it to be. [SEP] That is some great advice, Mind set is so important. [SEP] Thanks, it's so true. I've moved around alot. [SEP] Me too, Military brat!	Me too, Military brat!	Yep! Dad was in the army.
0	I was feeling so bad after fighting with my spouse and realizing it was actually my fault. [SEP] Did everything turn out okay? [SEP] Yeah it was but I just felt embarrassed at the time.	Yeah it was but I just felt embarrassed at the time.	We all have our moments.
2	i cant wait for this friday! [SEP] Oh, what's happening on Friday? [SEP] gonna go clubbin!	gonna go clubbin!	Hope you have fun!
1	My boyfriend is adorable. He gave me a gift and wrote a romantic note with it. [SEP] Aw, that is really sweet of him. What did the note say? [SEP] it says he feels his heart doesnt belong to him anymore, but belongs to me and that time and space will not change the way he feels for me	it says he feels his heart doesnt belong to him anymore, but belongs to me and that time and space will not change the way he feels for me	Wow. That is incredibly romantic. You're a lucky girl! 
1	I am so hype for the new super smash bros, are you a fan of the series?	I am so hype for the new super smash bros, are you a fan of the series?	Yes! My husband and I bought the old school Nintendo and played a couple of months back.
1	I saw my 3 year old nephew yesterday [SEP] Oh that's nice! How did that go? [SEP] It went awesome!  I haven't seen him in forever and we played all day!	It went awesome!  I haven't seen him in forever and we played all day!	That's great! I bet he had a lot of fun too!
5	I applied for a home loan and I'm waiting to hear back on it. The waiting is driving me up a wall. [SEP] can't you place a call to them? [SEP] I have. It's taking them extra long for some reason. All the scrutiny is making me run circles.	I have. It's taking them extra long for some reason. All the scrutiny is making me run circles.	I just think you should just be optimistic and patient
2	I couldn't be more thankful to have 3 happy healthy kids. [SEP] That is really something to be thankful for. I have lost 2...So for sure! [SEP] Oh I am so sorry to hear that!	Oh I am so sorry to hear that!	It's okay! Life happens! Cherish your babies always :)
8	I feel so bad today. My grandmother past. [SEP] Ohhh, I am sorry to hear that. I know your pain very well. Are you ok? [SEP] I am ok. I made a promise to stay strong. Thanks for your kind words. :)	I am ok. I made a promise to stay strong. Thanks for your kind words. :)	That is good. It sounds like you were able to be with her before she left. She is in a better place now.
8	You remember the first time you moved out of your parents? [SEP] I sure do. I moved into a dump lol. [SEP] But don't you just feel that freedom you have. You can do whatever you want with your place.	But don't you just feel that freedom you have. You can do whatever you want with your place.	Yeah, it was nice. It was a dump, but it was my dump.
7	I am so happy that I have finally gotten a head start on being organized to teach this year	I am so happy that I have finally gotten a head start on being organized to teach this year	This is so good, well done
0	I am sometime to afraid to speak in public, for example, during meeting at work. [SEP] im sorry to hear that, i was born with a lot of anxiety so i can somewhat relate [SEP] Thanks. I am trying to work on this issue and be able more easily speak in public.	Thanks. I am trying to work on this issue and be able more easily speak in public.	I honestly started taking cbd oil by charlottes web, and my anxiety went away after a few days of using it 
0	I really needed to get ready for this test in calculus last semester since otherwise I would've failed. [SEP] Well done, you studied for it and passed! [SEP] I did better than passing, I got an A!	I did better than passing, I got an A!	Thanks amazing! I know you have a bright future ahead of you
7	Lately, I got the best grades in my class at university. I am so happy	Lately, I got the best grades in my class at university. I am so happy	Good job! A good education is great for your future.
7	So i love feeling great when i walk into exams because i actually studied. [SEP] I know how that goes.  It can be hard to stay on track at the end of the semester. [SEP] But i do love the fact i destroyed that test like a boss.	But i do love the fact i destroyed that test like a boss.	Congratulations!  Studying really pays off!
6	She went in for a kiss but I declined.	She went in for a kiss but I declined.	Why'd you turn her down?
2	I signed up to do a lot of food for a family reunion next weekend. I have to start getting supplies now for sure!	I signed up to do a lot of food for a family reunion next weekend. I have to start getting supplies now for sure!	That is a lot of work! But I bet the reunion will be fun. 
4	My dog, which I had for about 15 years passed away last week. I miss her so much. My home feels empty without her around.	My dog, which I had for about 15 years passed away last week. I miss her so much. My home feels empty without her around.	That is so sad. I am sorry. Losing a pet is so hard. They are family.
8	My neighbor grabbed my dog that was running in the street.	My neighbor grabbed my dog that was running in the street.	im glad the pupper was returned
6	I've been working really hard this entire week. I'm ready for the weekend. I'm going on a camping trip!	I've been working really hard this entire week. I'm ready for the weekend. I'm going on a camping trip!	That sounds exciting! The hard work will pay off. I've always wanted to camp. Have you done it before?
1	I was at a restaurant recently where the waiter refused to wait on a black couple [SEP] That's awful. It's a shame that there's still racist people in 2018! [SEP] I know.  I got so mad at the things she was saying, I left the restaurant myself after offering to take the couple somewhere else to eat	I know.  I got so mad at the things she was saying, I left the restaurant myself after offering to take the couple somewhere else to eat	I would have done the same thing.
8	I've been sick and it's been hard to take care of my 3 kids during the day. My husband came home early from work to help out, I'm so thankful for him.	I've been sick and it's been hard to take care of my 3 kids during the day. My husband came home early from work to help out, I'm so thankful for him.	Being sick does stink at times. But at least your husband is there to assist when in need.
5	my girlfriend annoys me sometimes, but I still love her anyway	my girlfriend annoys me sometimes, but I still love her anyway	A little bump in a relationship should not affect it, that is good. Always love and take care of her.
6	I was prepared for the storm last week. I had food and drinks [SEP] LOL.....doesn't sound storm prep to me. [SEP] It worked out well	It worked out well	It wasn't a Hurricane Party was it?
6	I was roasting a chicken in the oven and forgot to put the timer on.	I was roasting a chicken in the oven and forgot to put the timer on.	Oh no, did it burn?
0	There's a group project coming up and team members are totally random. I hope I get good people. [SEP] I hope you do, too! I have always hated group work. [SEP] I guess it's to prepare us for the real world.	I guess it's to prepare us for the real world.	I guess so, I just hate that my grade would depend on someone else's work.. or lack there of.
0	Everyday I remind myself of how lucky I am to have a pair of supportive parents.	Everyday I remind myself of how lucky I am to have a pair of supportive parents.	You are so right. It can make all the difference.
3	Last night I turned 8 shades of red.  I was blushing so bad [SEP] What made you blush so hard? [SEP] I went for a run and had to go to the bathroom.  I went to hide behind some bushes and someone caught me peeing.  I couldnt believe it	I went for a run and had to go to the bathroom.  I went to hide behind some bushes and someone caught me peeing.  I couldnt believe it	Hey you have got to do what you have got to do. Hopefully next time you're closer to home when you need to go.
5	I'm going to be really upset if I get passed over for another promotion. I've paid my dues. [SEP] That is so hard, to feel like you've been looked over. Have you been able to have conversations with leadership as to why that might be the case? [SEP] Yeah, but nothing seems to change. After you talk to them things go back to normal and other people get rewarded.	Yeah, but nothing seems to change. After you talk to them things go back to normal and other people get rewarded.	Does that make you curious to look elsewhere? It sounds like it's maybe not the best place?
6	I got a visit from my uncle I wasn't expecting	I got a visit from my uncle I wasn't expecting	Well, I guess that might have been a nice surprise?
2	My husband and I signed our kids up for a co-op this year. I really hope they enjoy it. [SEP] what is co-op? [SEP] This co-op is for homeschoolers. Its one day a week where the kids go and learn with other homeschool kids. 	This co-op is for homeschoolers. Its one day a week where the kids go and learn with other homeschool kids. 	Oh that is really neat! i hope they like it
5	hi there? [SEP] Hi friend, how are you? [SEP] did you see my post above about allergy?	did you see my post above about allergy?	Not yet, I think you should talk to me about it.
2	We got to go to Walt Disney World this February.  We didn't think we'd be able to go. [SEP] That's great! I went a few months ago and really enjoyed it [SEP] I love going there!  We didn't find out till December that we could go.  Suddenly I had a lot of planning to do!	I love going there!  We didn't find out till December that we could go.  Suddenly I had a lot of planning to do!	I hope you have lots of fun!
0	I can't complain about anything right now. I have a roof over my head, a decent job, and a wonderful family. [SEP] i am also blessed. we don't have fancy things or a ton of money but we have each other and our health. [SEP] Life is good for both of us then. I am thankful every day that I am so blessed.	Life is good for both of us then. I am thankful every day that I am so blessed.	me too. some are not as fortunate as us.
3	I purchased a new router and it was DOA when it got to me today :( [SEP] I hate when that happens.  Makes you want to leave things for the mailman. [SEP] The package wasn't too beat up	The package wasn't too beat up	I hope they can take it back for you.
3	My finances are not the greatest lately and I've been so worried. I haven't been sleeping due to stressing about this situation. [SEP] I am sorry to hear that, I hope things turn around for you soon! [SEP] Thank you! I'm working through it and I have come up with several solutions to this debt problem.	Thank you! I'm working through it and I have come up with several solutions to this debt problem.	I am glad to hear that, I hope they work out for you!
2	I was stuck home the other day with the flu.  [SEP] Oh man, the flu in summer?1 [SEP] Right?! I was miserable, stuck all day in bed. [SEP] Oh geez! Was it a quick flu [SEP] It was, but I am very grateful to my wife. She let me rest all day, and brought me food and drinks to be as comfortable as possible. :) [SEP] Wow! Great wife, Cherish her! Stack up on good vitamin C and good Elderberry when you're well to keep the flu away :)\ [SEP] Thank you! Hopefully you can avoid it this year. 	Thank you! Hopefully you can avoid it this year. 	Oh god...lol- I HATE being sick...When I get sick..it's BAD- So let's hope lol
7	I feel very happy right now. [SEP] That's great.  What is the good news? [SEP] I just found out my family will come to visit me soon (I live quite far away), so that made my day.	I just found out my family will come to visit me soon (I live quite far away), so that made my day.	I am very happy for you!
3	I couldn't leave bed for three weeks. I was so alone. [SEP] Oh wow, why? [SEP] I was very sick with a mono.	I was very sick with a mono.	Damn, hopefully you're doing better now.
5	I had to euthanize my dog of 11 years last month, I still think about him every day. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that, I have two dogs and know how they become part of the family. [SEP] Thanks for realizing my pain. It saddens me that I these lovely companions can't live with us forever. 	Thanks for realizing my pain. It saddens me that I these lovely companions can't live with us forever. 	I know, it's defenitly painful to have to go through but its part of life. Maybe get a new puppy to start loving/sharing life with, shelters have so many dogs that need homes!
1	My sister n law washed my clothes today for me. It was a nice gesture [SEP] That's very nice of her! [SEP] Yeah it was very sweet	Yeah it was very sweet	Your brother is a lucky guy!
4	I can not believe my friend died last week.	I can not believe my friend died last week.	I'm sorry about your loss. How are you doing?
4	I found my girlfriend having sex with my best friend	I found my girlfriend having sex with my best friend	That's awful I'm sorry to hear that, what are you planning on doing?
4	I keep thinking about my grandmother. [SEP] Oh no, is she ok? [SEP] She passed away last year and I do not know how to cope with it.	She passed away last year and I do not know how to cope with it.	I'm so sorry. Do you have a good support system?
8	I moved to a different state for my husband's job and left the rest of my family behind. [SEP] oh, dear. That sounds lonely. How are you holding up? [SEP] I'm doing okay. It was for a good reason, his new job is so much better. But it can get lonely	I'm doing okay. It was for a good reason, his new job is so much better. But it can get lonely	I can imagine. But you'll make new connections there, I'm sure.
7	I've been putting off buying a computer part that I needed and just noticed it went up 10%! I'm pretty mad at myself. [SEP] Oh no! I hate when that happens... hopefully your computers holds on a little longer for it to go back down [SEP] I hope so too! I might have to just end up buying it. My hard drive is getting pretty old and running slow.	I hope so too! I might have to just end up buying it. My hard drive is getting pretty old and running slow.	Well good luck! I know how frustrating that can be
6	I was so sad the other day but my friend cheered me up.	I was so sad the other day but my friend cheered me up.	what did they do?
7	When I had to take care of my sick brother who had the flu, during this time I had to watch over him and make sure he was taking his medicine and take his temperature constantly [SEP] ah, thats being a good brother. Is your brother alright now? [SEP] Yea he was able to recover and is now doing fine.	Yea he was able to recover and is now doing fine.	good to hear that!!
2	Do you like watching movies or reading books? [SEP] I enjoy reading. [SEP] I love movies and I waited for the past 3 years for the Avengers for movie to get released. I was frantic when it made it to our theater I was overwhelmed.	I love movies and I waited for the past 3 years for the Avengers for movie to get released. I was frantic when it made it to our theater I was overwhelmed.	It's cool that you're such a fan though. I hope the movie lived up to your expectations.
2	Hi friend I will be meeting with one of my old friends today and am every excited!	Hi friend I will be meeting with one of my old friends today and am every excited!	Hey, that's good I hope both do a lot of catching up 😊
3	I feel really calm, stable and happy right now . Life is running smooth and I am enjoying it. [SEP] That is great! What is driving your happiness? [SEP] Honestly its just that work is smooth and no issues with home life or family right now. Life is seldom smooth so I am relaxed and enjoying it while it lasts.	Honestly its just that work is smooth and no issues with home life or family right now. Life is seldom smooth so I am relaxed and enjoying it while it lasts.	It's always a blessing to have certain times in life where no problems are occurring!
0	I applied for a job that would allow me to work at home because I suffer from Lupus. I didn't end up getting it so its a bummer.	I applied for a job that would allow me to work at home because I suffer from Lupus. I didn't end up getting it so its a bummer.	That too bad. They are other work from home opportunities though.
8	I get emotional thinking about my brothers, they re really important to me [SEP] That's sweet! Family is so important and relationships with siblings is a very significant one in our lives. I felt the same about my sister. [SEP] Are you guys far apart age wise?	Are you guys far apart age wise?	We weren't, only 2 1/2 years. It was just the two of us and we were very close, she passed away several years ago.
5	My dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather, who died when I was young. [SEP] Cool. What did it look like? [SEP] It's pretty old and worn.  I don't think it's worth much $$$ but it was meaningful anyway [SEP] Are you going to display it? [SEP] I keep it in my jewelry box with my few other precious objects lol	I keep it in my jewelry box with my few other precious objects lol	Well that's nice. Maybe you can pass it don to your kids too
4	I am ashamed of how much money I make, I barely make a livable income	I am ashamed of how much money I make, I barely make a livable income	I'm sorry to hear that.
0	My sister talked me into going on a wild new roller coaster. I hate roller coasters! [SEP] you should go [SEP] Oh I did! And it was just as bad as I imagined. I almost got sick.	Oh I did! And it was just as bad as I imagined. I almost got sick.	it could have been worse you know
7	I just finished signing the papers for my auto loan refinance! Waiting on a large refund for the GAp insurance! [SEP] Great! Will this mean a lower car payment for you?  [SEP] Yes! And a lower interest rate. I'm so happy. I can really use that extra money!	Yes! And a lower interest rate. I'm so happy. I can really use that extra money!	So happy for you! Yes- having extra money is always a reason to celebrate!
0	i hate when someone does not take the hint to stop talking [SEP] With those kind of people you just have to be blunt. If that doesn't work then it's time to excuse yourself from the conversation. [SEP] i really do agree. that is usually my approcah	i really do agree. that is usually my approcah	You are usually left with no other option.
8	It's a beautiful day here today. The sun is shining. The birds are singing. The roads are quiet. [SEP] wow sounds great [SEP] Yeah - I'm very lucky	Yeah - I'm very lucky	yea i can imagine
2	I'm going to try out the new Japanese restaurant that just opened up next weekend.	I'm going to try out the new Japanese restaurant that just opened up next weekend.	I bet that will be fun
2	I was walking down the street the other day when I stepped in a steam pile of dog poo. I was so enraged. [SEP] That's absolutely disgusting! What did you do? [SEP] I didn't want to only have one stinky shoe so I stepped in with the other foot. Then I jumped a few times. The smell was so nauseating.	I didn't want to only have one stinky shoe so I stepped in with the other foot. Then I jumped a few times. The smell was so nauseating.	That sounds terrible. I really hope your future excursions are dung free!
7	i didn't cheat on my partner.	i didn't cheat on my partner.	That's good! Cheating is not good for a relationship.
5	My friend is moving away, I am going to miss her so much. I can't help but cry a little when I think about it. [SEP] Aw sorry to hear that...why is she moving [SEP] A new job offer so I don't blame her	A new job offer so I don't blame her	nice well if you keep in touch everyday maybe it won't feel so far
1	Like Scarface said, "There's no one I trust but ME!"....I'm the only person who's never failed me, I'm the most trustworthy guy I know	Like Scarface said, "There's no one I trust but ME!"....I'm the only person who's never failed me, I'm the most trustworthy guy I know	I'm very glad you can rely on yourself!  I def trust you already.
0	I bought lots of snacks for the kids lunches this month [SEP] oh that was good of you. [SEP] Well not really. Ive eaten about half of them. I feel terribel	Well not really. Ive eaten about half of them. I feel terribel	oh haha i know that feeling.
0	I recently found out my wife is pregnant. [SEP] Congratulations. We have a boy on the way. 3 months to go! [SEP] I was so shocked by the news.  Thank you!	I was so shocked by the news.  Thank you!	I remember my surprise too. She tricked me all day and said she wasn't pregnant.
8	It was beyond difficult for me when I lost my parents. 	It was beyond difficult for me when I lost my parents. 	Yes, death is always a tough thing to deal with especially when they are close like parents. But that life and every single person on this planet will have to deal with that at some point in life. It is just the nature of life.
3	I locked my keys in the car and didnt have a spare one. [SEP] That's the worst! What did you do? [SEP] Luckily there was a police officer near by and he helped me get it unlocked i was so happy. 	Luckily there was a police officer near by and he helped me get it unlocked i was so happy. 	Saved you the money from having to call pop a lock.
3	oh man I can't wait for next week! [SEP] Why!? What happens next week? [SEP] I'm giving birth! to a computer! my parts start coming in next week!	I'm giving birth! to a computer! my parts start coming in next week!	Dang! I hope you got them big discounts before you ordered them!
7	I'm so ready for fall to come around, I love layering and scarves	I'm so ready for fall to come around, I love layering and scarves	I love boots fall is best for fashion
4	Her mum has cancer [SEP] whos mom? [SEP] My wife's 	My wife's 	im sorry to hear that.
1	I have to make a cheesecake later.	I have to make a cheesecake later.	That sounds really good! I'm kind of jealous1
3	The other day I accidentally stepped in dog feces. [SEP] Oh god. Someone did pick up their dog's poop, hu? [SEP] No, unfortunately not.  It really grossed me out.	No, unfortunately not.  It really grossed me out.	It must've been. I hope that never happens to you again.
7	I don't drink anymore and I'm careful about new medications. [SEP] Congratulations! That's probably a health choice that you've made. [SEP] I wish it was for health reasons.	I wish it was for health reasons.	Well, I don't want to pry, but I hope everything is going well for you now and wish you all the best.
0	I lost my temper with my father and said some rude things I shouldnt have said when I was younger.  [SEP] Don't beat yourself up about it. I did the same with my mother all the time when I was in my early teens. We've all been there. [SEP] I know I try not to but once you get older you realize it wasnt the nicest or brightest thing! 	I know I try not to but once you get older you realize it wasnt the nicest or brightest thing! 	Oh I agree, I still feel awful about it myself! But I think our parents understand and don't take it to heart, because they usually did the same thing too :)
8	i saw a movie the other day, it wasnt as good as i was expecting [SEP] Which movie did you see? [SEP] Joe Dirt 2, the first one was hilarious	Joe Dirt 2, the first one was hilarious	I watched parts of it too. I didnt think it was that great either.
7	I met up with my best friend in high school for the first time in 15 years. [SEP] That's cool! That is a long time! Was he the same as he used to be? [SEP] Yeah, we're both way different, haha!  But it was nice to catch up and reminisce.	Yeah, we're both way different, haha!  But it was nice to catch up and reminisce.	Yeah, remembering old times with a good friends is always fun!
0	I have my final math test tomorrow. I've never been so nervous! [SEP] Oh yeah, I can relate.  I always get uneasy before a big test.  And I always end up cramming and studying the last minute. [SEP] Yup, that is me right now. I am really not sure if I am going to pass or not.	Yup, that is me right now. I am really not sure if I am going to pass or not.	Well as long as you know the basic concepts and material and have it fresh in your mind for tomorrow, you should do fine.  I find I always worry and end up doing better than i expected.
5	Im tired of being single	Im tired of being single	you should hook up with somebody then!!
0	I recently went through some old pictures and it reminded me of childhood. [SEP] Old photos can be so nostalgic. Do you have a favorite memory? [SEP] Nothing in particular. Just how easy it was to be a kid compared to now.	Nothing in particular. Just how easy it was to be a kid compared to now.	Adult life can definitely be difficult, but we get a lot of freedom now though.
4	I lost my pet turtle. I am feeling devastated. I think he escaped the yard.	I lost my pet turtle. I am feeling devastated. I think he escaped the yard.	Oh no, I am so sorry! I hope you find him.
5	I keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. 	I keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. 	Oh no, he's probably lost. Maybe you should take him in and feed him.
5	Hello, yesterday was my birthday and my wife completely forgot! [SEP] It's alright maybe it's a working day and she has a surprise for you on saturday [SEP] Yea maybe, but I am still upset. She did not even wish my happy birthday!	Yea maybe, but I am still upset. She did not even wish my happy birthday!	Did you check everywhere in the room? maybe she has a surprise  gift hidden somewhere for you to find out
3	My boyfriend got me a new fridge for my bday! I am super happy.	My boyfriend got me a new fridge for my bday! I am super happy.	Girl,you are so lucky. You got a good one. better things are on the way for you.
0	My baby can hold her own forks now and feed herself. :o So proud of her and happy for me. lol [SEP] Thats a big accomplishment.  [SEP] it really is! :) im one happy mama thats for sure	it really is! :) im one happy mama thats for sure	Next thing you know she will be walking. 
4	i think my performance is way better than the winner's perfromance  [SEP] come on now? you are so full of yourself!Why do you say so? [SEP] I am just saying what I feel. I put all my best into this and yet I lost to a poor performer  	I am just saying what I feel. I put all my best into this and yet I lost to a poor performer  	Sorry about that.
1	I can't believe how great the Braves are playing. [SEP] What's the Braves? [SEP] The Atlanta Braves. The pro baseball team in Atlanta.	The Atlanta Braves. The pro baseball team in Atlanta.	Okay cool, I'm not that big into sports. 
4	Each month I am scared to look at my bank account. [SEP] Why do you say that? [SEP] I live paycheck to paycheck, sometimes its not enough	I live paycheck to paycheck, sometimes its not enough	I am sorry to hear that. I hope things get better for you
8	I am having a day let me tell you.. not in a good way either.  [SEP] Oh no, please tell me what's going on! Can I help? [SEP] Not really but maybe just by listening to be complain! LOL - i lost my wallet and my keys in the store today	Not really but maybe just by listening to be complain! LOL - i lost my wallet and my keys in the store today	That's the worst, I'm sure it was an annoyance!
0	One day I will have everything I want out of life, that makes the hard times easier to live now.	One day I will have everything I want out of life, that makes the hard times easier to live now.	I agree, it is good to have something to look forward to. 
1	My favorite time of the year is during the holidays. My family gets together and talks about our lives. It is such a merry time.	My favorite time of the year is during the holidays. My family gets together and talks about our lives. It is such a merry time.	That's wonderful. I also love the holidays. It's the perfect time for families.
8	Went to Texas, and it was raining pretty hard the whole time I was there. [SEP] It's been raining hard here in Virginia too. Did you get whisked away in a flash flood? [SEP] Nah, not that bad. Just couldn't go anywhere.	Nah, not that bad. Just couldn't go anywhere.	Some days trapped inside the house aren't always bad. At least you don't have to think too hard on what to do.
8	I was out of town on a business trip and felt very isolated.  I did not know anyone and had no one to hang out with. [SEP] Oh, I'm sorry you had that experience. When I was traveling cross-country, I used to FaceTime or Skype friends and family. Would that work for you? [SEP] I could do that, but I do not like to go out to eat alone.  Skype does not help with that.	I could do that, but I do not like to go out to eat alone.  Skype does not help with that.	That's very true. Another thing I did was find a Trader Joe's or some sort of store and stock up on decent food. Eating alone's no fun, but at least you're safe and nourished!
1	I really wish I score big with this lottery ticket I bought. [SEP] Yeah that would be awesome!  What are you going to spend it on?? [SEP] I haven't even thought that far ahead, I just hope I win! Maybe a nice vacation?	I haven't even thought that far ahead, I just hope I win! Maybe a nice vacation?	Heck yeah!  That sounds like fun!  
1	Hi, have you ever eaten a sandwich with hard bread? [SEP] I like a good hard bread like Pumpernickel. Do you know what that word means? [SEP] No, what does it mean?	No, what does it mean?	It means the devil's fart, haha! Good bread though.
0	I rode a taxi one day and ended up not having enough to pay the fare. The driver was nice enough to offer to cover my fare.	I rode a taxi one day and ended up not having enough to pay the fare. The driver was nice enough to offer to cover my fare.	Wow, I"m surprised. Didn't know they were that generous.
3	"My dog injured herself on her tongue and had to go in for surgery and my child went to his grandparents house that day so it was weird having the house so quiet. It was almost an eerie feeling.	"My dog injured herself on her tongue and had to go in for surgery and my child went to his grandparents house that day so it was weird having the house so quiet. It was almost an eerie feeling.	It is eerie, isn't it. You must have felt quite strange. Hope your poor doggie is ok!
5	I tried to paint my house one color and it turned out another color.  [SEP] that is no good, I am sorry that happened to you [SEP] Thanks, yeah its a bummer 	Thanks, yeah its a bummer 	It happens I suppose, maybe there is some sort of refund policy where you bought it from
1	My brother just graduated with his Masters. [SEP] That is excellent!  In what subject? [SEP] Psychology with an emphasis on theoretical treatments.  	Psychology with an emphasis on theoretical treatments.  	Wow.  That sounds like an interesting subject
1	My daughter, who is only 8, just landed her first triple back flip in gymnastics this week. I've never been able to do anything like that. It was amazing to watch.	My daughter, who is only 8, just landed her first triple back flip in gymnastics this week. I've never been able to do anything like that. It was amazing to watch.	Wow that is amazing indeed. You must be very proud of her.
5	My sister talked me into going on a wild new roller coaster. I hate roller coasters!	My sister talked me into going on a wild new roller coaster. I hate roller coasters!	you should go
2	I have my final physics exam tomorrow. [SEP] How do you think you are going to do? [SEP] I am so nervous for it because I'm not sure! I hope all my studying pays off.	I am so nervous for it because I'm not sure! I hope all my studying pays off.	I am confident you will do well!
7	The part of the project that we had been working on and that was very crucial, i completed it successfully, all on my own. I hope my manager would notice and promote me [SEP] I am sure your hard work will pay off! [SEP] I am very optimistic and hope my efforts would not go unnoticed into nothingness	I am very optimistic and hope my efforts would not go unnoticed into nothingness	It is always a good thing to stay optimistic.
3	so i applied for 200+ jobs and i can't believe i didn't hear from none of them! [SEP] Bummer!!! Are you looking for a work at home job or just an outside job?  [SEP] just any job at this point. just a full time stable job	just any job at this point. just a full time stable job	I hear ya.. I hope you find one soon... wishing you all of the best! 
4	I am very sad my best friend didn't come to my wedding. [SEP] Oh no, why didn't they? [SEP] He never gave me a reason, which makes it worse.	He never gave me a reason, which makes it worse.	I guess you might have to reconsider this friendship.
8	My friend got a new dog. Its my favorite breed, so I am a little envious [SEP] I bet it is so cute! What breed is it? [SEP] Its a dashsund	Its a dashsund	Oh I love those! Well at least you can go over and play with it anytime you want without having to clean up after it lol
1	One time I was in walmart and peed on myself [SEP] why did you do that? wasn't there a toilet or something? [SEP] Yeah!  I was going there but it was busy during black friday.  I just couldn't hold it anymore!  Everyone saw my wet pants!!!	Yeah!  I was going there but it was busy during black friday.  I just couldn't hold it anymore!  Everyone saw my wet pants!!!	that must've been embarrassing. you should've went to the toilet.
5	I am very disappointed at the way the political discourse in our country is going. The major parties are so openly hostile toward each other [SEP] I agreee, and I see no point in it, This is all our country we are all one here, why fight. [SEP] To be honest, my disappointment during this last year has piled up to a level that my future hopes for our politics seems bleak	To be honest, my disappointment during this last year has piled up to a level that my future hopes for our politics seems bleak	very bleak, maybe we will have some sort of saving grace candidate.
5	My partner is away at therapy and he sent me a card. I was really shocked as he normally needs a prompt to do anything that involves a gift. [SEP] Sounds like he's getting the hang of it, that's good. [SEP] Yes. I hope so! It's one little step but it's a big one for him to do on his own.	Yes. I hope so! It's one little step but it's a big one for him to do on his own.	Maybe I should of did the same for mines, to late now.
2	Oh yes, he is going to be really mad. He loves his car, it's like his baby.	Oh yes, he is going to be really mad. He loves his car, it's like his baby.	I bet he does. 
5	I just moved to a new country. I know no one.	I just moved to a new country. I know no one.	do you feel confortable in the new contry? maybe you should download an app to meat people
7	my little sister got a job and is still in highs school i know this was  a common thing for anyone back in the days , but in todays world a lot o people are lazy and in titled i felt happy for her [SEP] Oh my lord,  Are you okay? [SEP] im doing great , im just really happy for her 	im doing great , im just really happy for her 	Thats good! She is lucky to have your support.
6	Im so on the edge of my seat. My house went under contract yesterday, and today I find out the closing date.    [SEP] wow i closed 2 weeks ago [SEP] amazing! great feeling right? god i cant wait. 	amazing! great feeling right? god i cant wait. 	it truly is
5	I don't think I'll be able to go to the lake this weekend, I'm pretty bummed out.	I don't think I'll be able to go to the lake this weekend, I'm pretty bummed out.	Awww what's wrong? Maybe going to the lake will cheer you up?
8	I'm gone vegetarian for over a year now. I wonder how my blood results will be [SEP] I bet they will be a lot better, I heard vegetarian helps a lot with that. [SEP] I hope so, too. I've been kind of worried, because I keep reading about the negative effects as well.	I hope so, too. I've been kind of worried, because I keep reading about the negative effects as well.	The only negative effect I've read is the lack of protein, but I'm sure there are substitutes!
7	I have my personal training exam coming up soon and I think I'll ace it!	I have my personal training exam coming up soon and I think I'll ace it!	Good luck.I bet you are ready for this exam.
8	I always think I want some "me" time, but this weekend my husband and our toddler son were both gone and I actually kind of felt bored and sad!	I always think I want some "me" time, but this weekend my husband and our toddler son were both gone and I actually kind of felt bored and sad!	Yeah it really isn't for everyone, i like my alone time but only for a while. Afterwards i feel alone and wanting to talk to someone.
0	So proud of my friend for making the hockey team. [SEP] That is amazing, what level is the team? [SEP] It's a major junior team in Canada.	It's a major junior team in Canada.	That is even more impressive!  I know they take hockey seriously up there, so your friend must be pretty darn good.
0	I love when my kids are asleep [SEP] Oh really? Why is that? Because you don't have to deal with their antics while they're knocked out? [SEP] Exactly. Somebody gets it. They ar just so sweet and quiet then lol	Exactly. Somebody gets it. They ar just so sweet and quiet then lol	I can imagine. Fortunately, I don't have any kids yet, so I do not know the pain of dealing with a bunch of crazy kids! Although, it must be very rewarding.
4	Hey there, Got to admit, I'm pretty lonely right now. 	Hey there, Got to admit, I'm pretty lonely right now. 	Aw I'm sorry.  Why are you lonely?
0	I'm expecting a friend who I haven't seen in years to come over tomorrow. I'm a bit nervous about seeing him as I'm not really sure how much may have changed since the last time I saw him.	I'm expecting a friend who I haven't seen in years to come over tomorrow. I'm a bit nervous about seeing him as I'm not really sure how much may have changed since the last time I saw him.	It's exciting that you will be able to reconnect with an old friend. I understand that you're nervous, though!
2	I saw someone putting mayo on their ice cream. [SEP] Really? lol [SEP] It was so nasty to look at.	It was so nasty to look at.	It will be
7	i'm so happy with the life i have i'm honestly blessed [SEP] Thats pretty cool...what's the number one thing you're most grateful for [SEP] my husband and the life we've made together	my husband and the life we've made together	That's great, I'm thankful for my self-employed status and all the money I'm making for my future family.  Wish y'all the best
7	Woof I am having a hard time as of late. I've been waiting on an acceptance into a video production program and it's driving me up the wall. [SEP] Oh, that must be nerve-wracking!  [SEP] It is. A lot of self doubt has crept into my head as of late and I'm trying to fight it off. [SEP] Patience isn't always a virtue that I am good with either. You should feel confident in your work! [SEP] I am trying. Thanks for the boost!	I am trying. Thanks for the boost!	Good luck!
4	I hate seeing my best friend depressed. I've seen them so happy in life but seeing them like this now makes me feel unhappy.	I hate seeing my best friend depressed. I've seen them so happy in life but seeing them like this now makes me feel unhappy.	I'm sorry to hear that. Have you tried to cheer them up?
1	i found a pyrex bowl at the store like one my mom used to have [SEP] Oh wow!! I love pyrex stuff. I bet it brought back many memories.  [SEP] it did. i remember watching the cheese bubble up on the top when she made tuna casserole thinking how much longer is this going to take.	it did. i remember watching the cheese bubble up on the top when she made tuna casserole thinking how much longer is this going to take.	Its funny how items can bring back such good memories. 
5	I moved out of my parents house and into my own apartment. [SEP] that's really good! Huge step :) How do you like your new place? [SEP] It is very different without anyone around. It's too quiet.	It is very different without anyone around. It's too quiet.	Maybe you could get a pet? 
1	madden came out today, i have been practicing trying to be great this year	madden came out today, i have been practicing trying to be great this year	Madden is a fun game/ My husband plays it a lot instead of paying attention to me.
5	Yesterday I bought a croissant inn the bakery and when I paid they gave me the wrong change. [SEP] Wow thats annoying.  but I hope they gave you more than you were supposed to get back [SEP] Not the worst part is that cashier insisted I had given her $10 when I was sure it was $20. [SEP] Wow thats annoying.  but I hope they gave you more than you were supposed to get back [SEP] I had to speak to the manger to get my money back.	I had to speak to the manger to get my money back.	You should call and ask to speak to the manager.  Maybe they will give you something to make up for it
2	I was very disappointed that I was let go of a job I had had for years [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. Did they give you a severance package? Also, Do you have prospects for a future position? [SEP] They did provide severance. I wasn't sure what to do but felt that things would work out [SEP] At least they did that much for you. I'm sure you'll land on your feet. You seem like an optimistic type [SEP] Well, actually I did end up getting a job that I like!	Well, actually I did end up getting a job that I like!	That's wonderful! I hope you find fulfillment and a sense of purpose {not to mention a chunky wallet haha}
6	I've had my eye on a new laptop for ages, but I could never afford it until now! [SEP] What model or brand of laptop were you considering? [SEP] ASUS. I've had a good luck streak with them that I hope will continue	ASUS. I've had a good luck streak with them that I hope will continue	Nice! So you've had a good experience with that brand?
4	It was very random when it happen, but my grand ma passed away and it was sad. I did not expect it [SEP] Death can happen in an INSTANT! I have been there the past year. I am sorry! [SEP] Yeah I have experience a lot of that recently	Yeah I have experience a lot of that recently	Me too! So sorry! Life doesn't get any easier. It's just about trying to enjoy every day
1	Ahh, the joys of visiting home. My mom fixed me 3 course meal of my most favorite dishes!  [SEP] That sounds amazing!  Mom's food is ALWAYS the best. [SEP] I agree, always! I felt so content that I instantly fell asleep and ended up staying overnight!	I agree, always! I felt so content that I instantly fell asleep and ended up staying overnight!	Wow!  That sounds like an amazing visit.  
1	someone almost killed me the other day [SEP] Oh god, what happened? [SEP] someone almost hit me with a car	someone almost hit me with a car	I'm glad you are okay. That sounds terrifying!
8	the braves are really good, i just dont know if we have the pitching to make a run [SEP] I'm a Reds fan myself........I know the Braves have a good chance of winning their division and I agree, probably not made for a deep playoff ren. [SEP] at least you guys have votto!	at least you guys have votto!	Yeah....I have no complaints with him.....his salary is too big for the franchise but that ain't his fault.
7	My girlfriend is going on vacation out of the country with her friends for 2 weeks [SEP] That is a long time.  What are you going to do? [SEP] Try not to worry and trust her.	Try not to worry and trust her.	That is  good.  Might be a good time to work on you
3	lost my keys at the beach, had to pay a bundle to have them replaced [SEP] I am sorry about that. What kind of keys? [SEP] my car keys ,they had those fancy key fobs attached to it	my car keys ,they had those fancy key fobs attached to it	Oh wow! That stinks. At least you got new keys
5	wishing that he would call me [SEP] Why not just call him? Its not unheard of. [SEP] I did and he hasn't returned my call	I did and he hasn't returned my call	Maybe he is just busy right now. I wouldn't lose hope yet. 
8	I accidentally overdrafted my bank account and now don't have enough money to pay the fee or my bills. I'm scared of what could happen	I accidentally overdrafted my bank account and now don't have enough money to pay the fee or my bills. I'm scared of what could happen	I have been there, my friend. But, the good news is, if you aren't typically late for your bills, the utilities companies will often cut you a break.
5	MY best friend said she was staying home last weekend. [SEP] was there a reason why? [SEP] She was lying. Someone tagged her in photos from a party. I don't know why she didnt invite me	She was lying. Someone tagged her in photos from a party. I don't know why she didnt invite me	maybe it was closed event. you speak to her about it?
5	I took a sip of milk at work and it was sour.	I took a sip of milk at work and it was sour.	Oh yuck. Maybe it was expired then?
4	My dog died. She was 20 years old.	My dog died. She was 20 years old.	That sucks. I am sorry for your loss.
2	I am going to Six Flags tomorrow! [SEP] Thats awesome my friend! Do you enjoy that? [SEP] I think I will! I've never been there before!	I think I will! I've never been there before!	It is so much fun. I have been there, you are going to have a blast
6	I am so upset with my kids.	I am so upset with my kids.	What did they do this time? Kids are always getting into stuff.
0	I just made a huge move across the country , and I don't know if it was the right choice.	I just made a huge move across the country , and I don't know if it was the right choice.	Oh thats scary. I've been there. Just give it some time to feel right. Home is where ever you want it to be.
7	I can't believe that I was 18 when I bought my first car. I remember being in the dealership and they handed me the keys. [SEP] That's crazy, I couldn't imagine buying a car at 18. What kind of job did you have that you were able to do that? [SEP] My dad has his own firm so I worked in the mail room and I also did stock trading on the side. [SEP] That's a pretty great setup so soon in live. You're very fortunate. [SEP] That is what people say but I really worked hard and that car was a reward to myself.	That is what people say but I really worked hard and that car was a reward to myself.	Yeah for sure. Luck only gets you so far, the rest is up to you. 
0	My dog pooped on the carpet. I was so peeved! [SEP] Is the dog potty trained? [SEP] She is! Which was why I was irked!	She is! Which was why I was irked!	That's why I don't have carpeting.
8	when i left my family's house to study in another city i got upset. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. What are you studying? [SEP] i'm studying biomed, it's gonna be worth it.	i'm studying biomed, it's gonna be worth it.	It certainly will.
1	So I was eating out at a place last week and I came across several hairs in my food.	So I was eating out at a place last week and I came across several hairs in my food.	Ugh gross! I have to say I have seen worse in food before!
7	Super shocked when our rescued malnourished dog popped out a puppy when I got up this morning! [SEP] wow thats great, is that the one you got off the street? [SEP] Yes! I think she may have another one coming...and I pray not! I have enough dogs :( And a puppy is a lot of work	Yes! I think she may have another one coming...and I pray not! I have enough dogs :( And a puppy is a lot of work	well i wish you good luck on that one!
1	in that situation i felt proud by my father  [SEP] What was it that made you so proud of him? [SEP] my father was a honest man, the shop owner also knows him 	my father was a honest man, the shop owner also knows him 	being honest is always a good thing, I am glad you are so proud of him!
2	My food order today did not turn out as well as I had hoped. [SEP] Sorry to hear!  What all did you order?  And what was wrong with it? [SEP] Everything was cold. We had burgers and fries. You can't eat cold fries. [SEP] Cold fries are the *worst* b/c the potatoes are just gross at that point.  Did you get your money back, at least? [SEP] Nope. I was starving so I ate it lol [SEP] Oh bless your heart!  I'm sorry to hear!  I'd have returned it and gotten the whole meal free for the cold messed up fries! [SEP] Well it was a delivery do we would have had to wait another hour. I did complain though	Well it was a delivery do we would have had to wait another hour. I did complain though	That's good! Hopefully you'll be compensated in some way for the fries.  Ugh, cold fries!  You're way nicer about it than I would have been.
3	Ugh! I forgot an important speech during the meeting. [SEP] Oh no! What happened? [SEP] I just got so nervous and feel embarrassed now. I started sweating profusely in front of the investors.	I just got so nervous and feel embarrassed now. I started sweating profusely in front of the investors.	That's a bummer. It happens to the best of us though!
5	I am scared of Trump. He is on his way to create a civil war in the USA. [SEP] That is interesting, why do you say that? [SEP] Because Trump is a liar, egomaniac and manipulative lunatic	Because Trump is a liar, egomaniac and manipulative lunatic	I think a good amount of people feel the same
8	My daughter fell the other day pretty hard, I had to hold her until she calmed down.  [SEP] Oh no, that's scary, is she okay? [SEP] Yeah it wasnt too bad just a couple scrapes, its hard seeing your kids get hurt. 	Yeah it wasnt too bad just a couple scrapes, its hard seeing your kids get hurt. 	That's good, I'm glad it wasn't serious.
2	I knew I was going to get the promotion.	I knew I was going to get the promotion.	Congrats! Hard work really does pay off.
2	A lot of people have doubts, but I'm really hopeful for America's future! [SEP] i am too, i think we are headed in a better direction! [SEP] I agree, soon we will all come together as one and settle our differences!	I agree, soon we will all come together as one and settle our differences!	i hope so, we are def the greatest nation in the world
2	we are going to mexico, and its shocking to see all the homicides there now [SEP] For vacation? And yeah, the rates are pretty high, hopefully you won't be in those areas. [SEP] yep for our anniversary, and i am hoping so as well, kinda scary to think about	yep for our anniversary, and i am hoping so as well, kinda scary to think about	That's awesome, I bet it'll be in a nice secluded resort!
8	I was recently promoted at work, I was a bit surprise but happy.	I was recently promoted at work, I was a bit surprise but happy.	Congrats! Did they just come in and say hey guess what you're getting promoted
8	Last year a student I teach had a house fire. [SEP] Oh no!  How terrible.  I hope no one was hurt. [SEP] Luckily no one was hurt, but he lost his home and all of his belongings.  It was awful.	Luckily no one was hurt, but he lost his home and all of his belongings.  It was awful.	That is horrible.  I can't even imagine.
5	My kid has been staying late at school so much lately. [SEP] That's kinda sad. Is he studying or something? [SEP] I think so. I hope she doesn't push herself too hard.	I think so. I hope she doesn't push herself too hard.	Yeah, pushing herself could end up to her having a horrible life.
8	I have been faithful to my girlfriend of 3 years, she is the best! [SEP] That is a beautiful thing [SEP] It sure is, I hope it continues!	It sure is, I hope it continues!	I am sure it will
2	They are too good to me [SEP] hi friend who is too good to you? [SEP] My frisds	My frisds	that's good though! I bet you're grateful.
6	Oh I was so shaking in my boots. I was sitting outside on my patio and saw a shadowy figure inside my house!	Oh I was so shaking in my boots. I was sitting outside on my patio and saw a shadowy figure inside my house!	What was it?  Did everything turn out alright?
4	SO I was at the mall the other day and saw my ex [SEP] Oh that must have been awkward.  Did you two talk to each other? [SEP] No we made eye contact. For some reason I started getting emotional and went home to cry.	No we made eye contact. For some reason I started getting emotional and went home to cry.	I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you don't dwell on it too much and can be happy in the future.
2	My parents gifted me $50,000 to start my own business.  [SEP] Wow! that was incredibly nice of them.  What kind of business is it? [SEP] It is a salon, I have never been so appreciative in my life	It is a salon, I have never been so appreciative in my life	I need a haircut soon myself.  I hope you do really well
1	I was watching my cousin, who is only 13-years-old, being a pretty good motherly figure towards my 7-year-old nephew while were hanging out today. It's interesting to see how well she performs at a young age when dealing with kids, and how patient she stays when most adults wouldn't be able to [SEP] That is so sweet! [SEP] It really is. I was caught off guard by the compassion and ability to take all the frenetic activity going on around her in stride and stay calm and talk to the children respectfully, trying to teach them instead of just yelling at them. I don't know if I'll be that good when I'm a parent.	It really is. I was caught off guard by the compassion and ability to take all the frenetic activity going on around her in stride and stay calm and talk to the children respectfully, trying to teach them instead of just yelling at them. I don't know if I'll be that good when I'm a parent.	It is a good sign that she shows that kind of care to them
0	When I found out my brother was moving when I was younger, it really hurt me. I was going to miss him [SEP] That's touching, how is it these days? [SEP] We live closer now, but I hated it when he moved	We live closer now, but I hated it when he moved	Right, change is often difficuly
5	I stepped in tobacco spit today when I went out to check my mail barefoot! [SEP] Ugh, that is disgusting.  I'm guessing it wasn't your own? [SEP] No! It was one of my nasty neighbors with their nasty Skoal habit. I almost threw up. [SEP] I bet.  It would be bad enough it was just spit, but the tobacco amps it up to 11.  It would be nice if people had enough respect for others not to do that sort of stuff. [SEP] I know right? I'm gonna put a very angry passive aggressive note on their door tonight.	I know right? I'm gonna put a very angry passive aggressive note on their door tonight.	That should solve the problem!
3	i was going to order some tshirts online,but the website is from the ukrane and seems pretty sketchy [SEP] i agree with you there, I do not trust those eastern bloc countries. [SEP] it just did not seem like a safe pay site. so even though i cannot find these items anywhere else, i decided not to buy	it just did not seem like a safe pay site. so even though i cannot find these items anywhere else, i decided not to buy	you made a wise choice, not only will you not get your t-shirt most likely they will steal your credit card information and use it
2	I got to work yesterday and my coworkers threw me a party! [SEP] That's awesome! Was it your birthday? [SEP] It was! I was so surprised and happy that they remembered it and threw me a party. It was very nice.	It was! I was so surprised and happy that they remembered it and threw me a party. It was very nice.	Your friends care a lot of you and that's always a great feeling! I hope you had fun!
7	My sister graduated college last week. [SEP] Ah - that's a big accomplishment!!!  Did you get her a great present? [SEP] No, I punched her right in the nose like we do here! It's a tradition.	No, I punched her right in the nose like we do here! It's a tradition.	HAHA!  That is the best tradition I've ever heard of!
6	Once, I bought this really pretty dress to go on a date. Then the worst thing happened! [SEP] Oh no.  Did he stand you up? [SEP] No. My mom and I were hanging out sipping on red wine and I decided to try the dress on for her. That's when I tripped and spilled the wine on the front of my dress.	No. My mom and I were hanging out sipping on red wine and I decided to try the dress on for her. That's when I tripped and spilled the wine on the front of my dress.	That stinks! Were you able to get the stain out?
3	One time I went to an interview for a really competitive internship with a great company in my field. I thought it went great and that the interviewer and I had a great conversation, but it turned out I didn't get it.  [SEP] Yeah, those are rough when you are so hopeful about it. [SEP] Yeah it was really disappointing! 	Yeah it was really disappointing! 	Yeah, hopefully your still looking for another internship.
6	I been dating this guy for a while  now	I been dating this guy for a while  now	that is good to hear , how long ?
2	I'm surprised with how clean the house was after I came home from my trip. My wife is the best! [SEP] That's awesome. Would have been a bummer to come home to a messy house. [SEP] Yeah, I hate messy places, I'm OCD and it drives me nuts	Yeah, I hate messy places, I'm OCD and it drives me nuts	Well it's good that you have such a great wife! I hope you guys have an amazing life together.
1	Our coworker who has been with us for over 20 years just quit out of the blue. [SEP] Oh no, I hate to heart that. I hope everything is okay. [SEP] I hope so as well. We're all waiting to hear back from her.	I hope so as well. We're all waiting to hear back from her.	Something big must have happened.
3	One of my friend didn't keep this promise he made to me. I was so angry to him. [SEP] What promise didn't he keep? [SEP] I was suppose to help me move from my apartment. He didn't come and turned off his cell phone.	I was suppose to help me move from my apartment. He didn't come and turned off his cell phone.	Wow that sounds like a terrible friend.  I hope he had a good reason for not showing up.
5	I am so mad at the republicans. [SEP] Do you think they are messing up the country? [SEP] It is mostly Trump.I am mad because they will not stand up to Trump.	It is mostly Trump.I am mad because they will not stand up to Trump.	Yeah they feed off of his crazy I think.
5	I am so scared. I just heard a really crazy sounding animal coming from my lake out back of my house. [SEP] Oh snap! dude get your camera you might have found nessy. [SEP] Im in Florida.. it could be ANYTHING lol.	Im in Florida.. it could be ANYTHING lol.	Probably could be a new species of gator.
5	I find it difficult to be around a crowd. [SEP] Oh really? Does it make you anxious? [SEP] I feel very anxious and feel as though all eyes are on me.	I feel very anxious and feel as though all eyes are on me.	That's a bad outlook, you should stay positive!
8	I failed my science class. :9 [SEP] Oh that sucks! How are you feeling about that? [SEP] Pretty horrible. I wish i pushed myself harder.	Pretty horrible. I wish i pushed myself harder.	Understandably so. But hey, we all make mistakes and failing one class isn't the end of the world. In fact I failed Calculus 3 this semester. So take pride in what you have accomplished and just work hard next semester!
2	I cant wait to leave for vacation next week. I am having a hard time concentrating on work. [SEP] Sounds like you're burned out. Where ya going? [SEP] Im going to the beach. Its going to be a lot of fun.	Im going to the beach. Its going to be a lot of fun.	The beach is awesome when the weather is good. Hope you have fun!
8	My friend just told me they're going to tour Asia and I was so seethingly jealous I became really awkward. I just started talking super-formally and I didn't know what to really say.	My friend just told me they're going to tour Asia and I was so seethingly jealous I became really awkward. I just started talking super-formally and I didn't know what to really say.	You should ask them if you can tag along! I'm sure they won't mind one bit.
5	I have been taking speech therapy classes to improve my Spanish. [SEP] thats awesome [SEP] I agree, I feel so much more confident now when speaking spanish.	I agree, I feel so much more confident now when speaking spanish.	as you should 
0	I couldnt wait for Christmas last year. I was happy to see my family	I couldnt wait for Christmas last year. I was happy to see my family	wow me too we had fun
2	I believe I did rather well on my Law School Admissions Test. [SEP] what do you think your score was? [SEP] I am hoping for at least in the 150 range.	I am hoping for at least in the 150 range.	Ah thats a good score.  When i took the LSATs about 15-16 years ago I received a 156 i believe.  Where do you hope to go to school?
6	Yesterday I took a test for a promotion at work. I felt pretty good about it.	Yesterday I took a test for a promotion at work. I felt pretty good about it.	Did you pass?
6	I was happy when my brother moved home. I missed him [SEP] I bet! I am glad you have a good relationship with a sibling! That's rarer nowadays [SEP] It really us	It really us	How far are you guys apart in age?
2	One day after work, I was sitting at a table with one of my coworkers and my boss. I was 14 at the time and we worked in a bakery. I said something about brown cows and chocolate milk. That was when i realized that chocolate milk didnt come from brown cows.  [SEP] Haha too funny! Wow 14?! Suprised you didn't learn it earlier haha  [SEP] I know! I felt so dumb. We all laughed so hard. 	I know! I felt so dumb. We all laughed so hard. 	I bet, thats a great memory! lol
1	A couple of weeks ago I woke up to the LOUDEST banging on my apartment door. It was like 3AM in the morning.	A couple of weeks ago I woke up to the LOUDEST banging on my apartment door. It was like 3AM in the morning.	Wow that sounds scary and horrible. What was it?
0	I have to deal with an entitled person lately and I can't stand it. 	I have to deal with an entitled person lately and I can't stand it. 	Oh no.  I have experienced that before and its not pleasant.  Its hard to be kind and careful with your speech and actions when you're near a snob.
7	It's birthday soon. I want to be a better person. [SEP] Make that wish when you blow out the candles [SEP] Yea, i will!	Yea, i will!	Birthday wishes come true. You will have to work at it still though.
2	Tomorrow, I'm going on my first cruise! [SEP] Wow, that sounds really fun! I've never been on a cruise! How long will it be for? [SEP] It will be for 14 days, I'm going to Europe! I've never been out of the country before!	It will be for 14 days, I'm going to Europe! I've never been out of the country before!	Neither have I, and that's on my bucket list! So jealous! I hope you have an awesome time!
3	My high school friend hit my car. [SEP] Ah, that is terrible! I guess it was their fault? What did you do? [SEP] Yes it was 100% her fault. They hit my car that she let me park in her driveway! She should have been more careful.	Yes it was 100% her fault. They hit my car that she let me park in her driveway! She should have been more careful.	Wow, hopefully you both have insurance. 
8	My mom can be a little too persistent about things she doesn't know much about.	My mom can be a little too persistent about things she doesn't know much about.	Its possible she is just trying to be helpful.
6	I am happy with my life right now, everything is going well for the most par	I am happy with my life right now, everything is going well for the most par	What are you happy about
4	When I was a teenager, I was exhorting money from kids in my neighborhood. Now, I feel bad about it. [SEP] Oh wow, how were you doing that?  [SEP] I was stronger because they were just kids.	I was stronger because they were just kids.	I'm sorry you feel bad about it now. I'm not really sure what I can say, it's not like you can change the past. You could try volunteering. 
6	I applied for a home loan and I'm waiting to hear back on it. The waiting is driving me up a wall.	I applied for a home loan and I'm waiting to hear back on it. The waiting is driving me up a wall.	can't you place a call to them?
5	my coworker comes into work late everyday and it drives me crazy [SEP] That is crazy, does your boss not care? [SEP] she just keeps letting him get away with it	she just keeps letting him get away with it	You could just start going in late everyday as well, to make a point to her.
2	I recently applied for a new job and am waiting to hear if I got it.	I recently applied for a new job and am waiting to hear if I got it.	I bet that is nerve-wracking! I hope you get it.
8	My daughter slept in too late this morning. [SEP] Oh no! Did she miss school? [SEP] No, but we had to rush more than normal.	No, but we had to rush more than normal.	Well good thing she got there! Kids always tend to want to go to bed at the last minute and end up not sleeping enough or sleeping past their alarms!
0	I am so thankful for the sun. It gives us sunlight for food, warmth, and so much more [SEP] I like to tan in the sun. [SEP] You gotta be careful, you might skin cancer if you do it too much.	You gotta be careful, you might skin cancer if you do it too much.	Yes, I always use sun screen.
8	i really like my brothers, they mean a lot to me even if it is frowned upon to express it	i really like my brothers, they mean a lot to me even if it is frowned upon to express it	no iam here dude
2	I really wanted to take a weekend trip with my husband and my mom offered to watch my daughter. So grateful! [SEP] Mom of the year award! That's awesome, where are you going? [SEP] We're going on a quick road trip, but yeah. My mom is the best. I appreciate her so much.	We're going on a quick road trip, but yeah. My mom is the best. I appreciate her so much.	That sounds fun, hope you guys drive safe and have fun!
1	My sister now works at Lockheed Martin. I wish that was my job [SEP] That's really impressive! What do you like about it? [SEP] They build airplanes and missiles i always wanted to work with fighter jets	They build airplanes and missiles i always wanted to work with fighter jets	That does sound really exciting. 
3	I was parking my car today and someone just cut in from of me a took my place. How rude can you get? [SEP] Ouch, I hate it when that happens. Did you say anything to them? [SEP] Well no, I didn't want to be too confrontational. But I even indicated I was taking the spot. It's so crazy.	Well no, I didn't want to be too confrontational. But I even indicated I was taking the spot. It's so crazy.	That's super rude. Hopefully karma will take care of that. 
5	The garbage men had trash strewn all over and they just left it- It fell out apparently when they were throwing trash in the truck. [SEP] Did they pick it back up? [SEP] Nope! They never do here. I don't understand not doing your job and they provide a great service! but they should really do it well.	Nope! They never do here. I don't understand not doing your job and they provide a great service! but they should really do it well.	Maybe they just don't notice it.
8	I got the news that my girlfriend's mom passed away. I have to tell her the news myself since she has no other close family. I'm dreading having to actually say it to her. [SEP] first of all my condolences for your friend, and i know how hard this is for you both [SEP] Thank you very much. It is very upsetting.	Thank you very much. It is very upsetting.	ya it feels so weak to be in that place , but you should only give the strength required for your friend to overcome this situation
8	I don't have a laundry washer or dryer in my apartment. So my mom comes by every week and picks up my smelly clothes. I am very thankful for her.	I don't have a laundry washer or dryer in my apartment. So my mom comes by every week and picks up my smelly clothes. I am very thankful for her.	That's pretty sweet of her. Some people would find it annoying that their parents still want to baby them, but I say you shouldn't take it for granted. They just want to be in your life.
4	I hasd such a sad day yesterday helping support my friend with a dying pet. It was so sads.	I hasd such a sad day yesterday helping support my friend with a dying pet. It was so sads.	Im sorry to hear that, how old was the pet?
3	last night was great my husband prepared me a bath and it was just what i needed [SEP] Thats was nice of him. Did he wash your back for you? [SEP] no it was alone time for me	no it was alone time for me	Thats even better haha!
7	My dad was recently diagnosed with diabetes. I'm really worried what this will mean for his health going forward. He's in his mid-60's and I want him to live as long as possible, but this obviously gets in the way of that. [SEP] My dad has diabetes too but he was born with it. I heard veggies help a lot. [SEP] Yeah, my dad has never been a veggies guy. Always sneaking too many desserts. He had a stroke earlier on in his life, too, which has always hampered him, and I think the medications for his heart condition led to the development of the diabetes. I feel sad for him.	Yeah, my dad has never been a veggies guy. Always sneaking too many desserts. He had a stroke earlier on in his life, too, which has always hampered him, and I think the medications for his heart condition led to the development of the diabetes. I feel sad for him.	Sounds like a very stressful time for you. I hope everything turns out well and wish you the best of luck
7	I used to work as a flooring specialist at a major chain home improvement store. It was a good place to work until I got a new supervisor who thought he could disrespect me without consequences. [SEP] Uh oh.  I'm sorry to hear that.  That is never a good thing to do as a supervisor. [SEP] We got into several arguments and management decided to ignore  the problem and hope it would blow over. After a few weeks I turned in my resignation. 	We got into several arguments and management decided to ignore  the problem and hope it would blow over. After a few weeks I turned in my resignation. 	Unfortunately he wins out when you do that because it will likely continue.  Again, I wish you had been treated so unkindly.
3	My mom said I had to get rid of our family dog because she was allergic. I cried for a week it was unbearable, I resented her. [SEP] Oh no that is so sad to hear! I have one dog and two cats, so I totally understand what you are going through... [SEP] My dog's name was Cookie. [SEP] Aww what a cute name. Hopefully you an your Mom made up, and maybe you got/can get another pet. [SEP] I'm sooo upset with my mom. I don't think at this point I can forgive her.	I'm sooo upset with my mom. I don't think at this point I can forgive her.	Oh no! I know it stinks but maybe one day you can forgive her- I hope...
3	I am worried my cat is not feeling well. She doesn't move around much. I hope she doesn't have any health problems.	I am worried my cat is not feeling well. She doesn't move around much. I hope she doesn't have any health problems.	Oh no! I hope she's ok. Have you taken her to the vet?
0	So, my best friend did something I had a very hard time forgiving him for [SEP] mind telling me what happened maybe i could help you? [SEP] Well, it was a while back but, this beautiful girl was interested in me and, he knew it. He came in and directed all attention towards himself which stopped me entirely from pursuing a relationship	Well, it was a while back but, this beautiful girl was interested in me and, he knew it. He came in and directed all attention towards himself which stopped me entirely from pursuing a relationship	you don't deserve a best friend like that. or even a relationship where you have to keep fighting for the attention. i suggest you leave both of them and look for your future with other people!
0	Man I feel so dirty and bad [SEP] What did you do?! [SEP] I went to the bar the other day and my waitress was so awesome!   I was so drunk at the end of the night and forgot to give her a tip :(	I went to the bar the other day and my waitress was so awesome!   I was so drunk at the end of the night and forgot to give her a tip :(	Lousy man! What can you do though...if you're a regular she'll understand when you bring her extra another time.
5	I am loyal to my wife. [SEP] That is great. Everyone should be loyal to their spouse. [SEP] I will stay with her forever.	I will stay with her forever.	Maybe you can renew your vows one day.
6	Seeing Turkish currency lira plummeting now, I am afraid the economic crisis in Turkey would spill into European markets	Seeing Turkish currency lira plummeting now, I am afraid the economic crisis in Turkey would spill into European markets	I don't kow anything about that. what happened?
7	I was pretty happy over the weekend I got to smoke a cigar and read some comics [SEP] It sounds like you had a really good time! [SEP] It was nice and peaceful for sure	It was nice and peaceful for sure	It's always a good place to be when you are content.
8	My oldest daughter had a hard time with other kids in school. [SEP] I am sorry, kids can be mean [SEP] Yes, they can.  But I blame the parents also, these kids bullied her to the point that I had to have her removed from that class - the principles wouldn't even do anything.	Yes, they can.  But I blame the parents also, these kids bullied her to the point that I had to have her removed from that class - the principles wouldn't even do anything.	Some people do not need to be in charge when it comes to school, they are truly worthless sometimes
3	I saw a man drink a gallon of milk. [SEP] How did it turn out? [SEP] He did it without incident.  I admired his skill.	He did it without incident.  I admired his skill.	Wow, that's impressive! It usually comes back up.
8	We had a really good time on our vacation a couple of weeks ago. [SEP] Thats sound nice. I went on vacation to Thailand last week. What did you do? [SEP] We went to Disney world with some friends who had never been before.  We are passholders so we have been several times, but it was fun getting to see it throught the eyes of someone who had never been before. [SEP] I know what that feels like. It must have been exciting!  [SEP] We had a great time!  We both have small kids so they loved playing together, and it was nice to get to help show our friends the ropes and all the 'secrets' lol	We had a great time!  We both have small kids so they loved playing together, and it was nice to get to help show our friends the ropes and all the 'secrets' lol	Acting as a 'mentor' in these situations is always fun and it makes the whole experience better!
3	I thought I saw a bat in my kitchen last night [SEP] Ugh that would freak me out! Did you ever find out if it was a real bat? [SEP] It was a big moth. I'm just afraid of everything. My daughter just opened the door and let it out lol. She is my hero	It was a big moth. I'm just afraid of everything. My daughter just opened the door and let it out lol. She is my hero	Oh well that's lucky for you haha my three sons hate bugs!
3	I was alone last summer when all of my friends were gone. It just felt like I had no one to hang with [SEP] That would be discouraging.  Did you make new friends? [SEP] Not at point. 	Not at point. 	That's no fun. Hopefully you got some stuff done around the house then.
6	i am on some meds that are making me feel totally off [SEP] What are they making you feel like? [SEP] physically, mentally, and emotionally just all over the place.	physically, mentally, and emotionally just all over the place.	Wow, that seems bad. Why are you taking them?
6	Yesterday I went to the doctor  and had to get a shot.	Yesterday I went to the doctor  and had to get a shot.	What is your health issue?
8	A boy was being agressive with my son in the bounce house He was twice as large! His parent wasn't supervising!  [SEP] I hate when parents don't keep tabs on their kids, especially when they are misbehaving!  What did you do? [SEP] I found someone to tell. Apparently the kids has issues, but he should have been watched then!	I found someone to tell. Apparently the kids has issues, but he should have been watched then!	At least you did the right thing and didn't yell at the kid yourself.
2	My friend decided to lie about cheating with another girl when he was confronted with clear evidence [SEP] Wow that must have been awkward.  You can't really argue with the evidence sitting right in front of you. [SEP] No, you can't. It's especially awkward when you all know each other well. It makes me sad, honestly	No, you can't. It's especially awkward when you all know each other well. It makes me sad, honestly	Yea it's always sad when a relationship doesn't work out.  Hopefully in the future he can be more honest.
4	That is correct.	That is correct.	Sorry,  what is correct
5	My emu ran away last night. I was quite distraught. [SEP] Not sure what an emu is. I hope you find him/her! [SEP] Me too! She was such a darling bird. I'm not sure why she would run away so swiftly.	Me too! She was such a darling bird. I'm not sure why she would run away so swiftly.	Maybe she just wanted to go play. I hope she comes back.
0	I'm so excited that school starts tomorrow. I need a break!	I'm so excited that school starts tomorrow. I need a break!	I know right. Mine started yesterday
7	Hi, yesterday, I was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker. [SEP] Thats good news! What did they do to surprise you?  [SEP] He is realised a full project on his own and have used all IT best pratices for this project in very short period of time. He is very skilled.	He is realised a full project on his own and have used all IT best pratices for this project in very short period of time. He is very skilled.	Amazing, Im happy for you. :) 
4	My aunt passing away randomly was bad. It just hurt so bad [SEP] I bet.. what did she pass away from?  [SEP] She had a heart attack	She had a heart attack	ugh thats terrible im sorry for your loss 
0	My wife went to her Mom's place. so bored without her	My wife went to her Mom's place. so bored without her	I can understand that. My husband went to a friends to work on his car. I'm home with 5 kids!
0	I was going through an old photo album. It brought back so many memories.  [SEP] I know how that could be, an old trip down memory lane can make you reflect on so much.  [SEP] I agree, I fondly remember my childhood and got a blast of nostalgia looking at those photos.	I agree, I fondly remember my childhood and got a blast of nostalgia looking at those photos.	That is wonderful.  I think that I will take a look at a few of my photo albums and get that feeling too. 
7	When I'm driving around and I see a stray dog or cat, I feel so bad that I can't help but stop to pick them up and bring them home! I can't believe how many people neglect their pets! [SEP] Its sad. How many rescues do you have? [SEP] Oh, man, I have a LOT! I have a pretty big fenced in back yard. I'd say around 20. I need to stop soon, but I can't help it!	Oh, man, I have a LOT! I have a pretty big fenced in back yard. I'd say around 20. I need to stop soon, but I can't help it!	Well I appreciate you. 
0	I am very happy that Canada replied to Trump by increasing taxes on some us products. [SEP] yes it appears a trade war might happen now! [SEP] Yes. Trump has started all that as usual.	Yes. Trump has started all that as usual.	I agree, he needs to stop isolating the U.S.
0	I am totally going to win first place tomorrow in the biology contest! I studied for months for this!  [SEP] That's great! good luck [SEP] Thanks, I am only worried about missing my school bus to school  [SEP] why is that? [SEP] I always sleep through my alarms	I always sleep through my alarms	I can agree with that
7	My son recently won a swim meet and got first place for butterfly stroke [SEP] How long has he been a swimmer? [SEP] 3 years! It took a lot of training for him to get to this point! I'm so proud!	3 years! It took a lot of training for him to get to this point! I'm so proud!	As you should be. I wish I liked to swim.
0	My daughter lost her last baby tooth today, she's growing up and it gets me a little choked up. [SEP] I was just talking about this with my friend. They are getting too old [SEP] I know they have to grow up and all but can't they stay littles for a little bit longer?	I know they have to grow up and all but can't they stay littles for a little bit longer?	i know right.
8	I can't wait for the movie Mile 22 to come out. I love seeing UFC fighters in movies!	I can't wait for the movie Mile 22 to come out. I love seeing UFC fighters in movies!	I have not seen any UFC movies. I guess I should watch one to give them a chance.
2	We planned a family trip day after tomorrow! [SEP] Where are you going [SEP] It's nearby picnic area. I'm anxious to go for it.	It's nearby picnic area. I'm anxious to go for it.	It will be fun
8	I had my first professional interview recently!  [SEP] congrats, how did you handle the pressure? [SEP] Pretty well I think! I had a solid resume, and I practiced ahead of time. It still isn't the same though when you're right there in the room and they're looking at you lol.	Pretty well I think! I had a solid resume, and I practiced ahead of time. It still isn't the same though when you're right there in the room and they're looking at you lol.	It can be pretty nerve racking, but it is always great practice. You will only get better.
0	i hate when people think they can blatenly just flirt with your partner [SEP] Yeah that's annoying.  Welcome to the problems of having an attactive mate. [SEP] he is attractive but the girl was as ugly on the outside as she was on the inside [SEP] Take it as a compliment. [SEP] i used to now it's just obnoxious	i used to now it's just obnoxious	Yes it is.  Its unavoidable though. People suck.
8	I really like pickles on my burgers so I ordered mine with extra pickles today.	I really like pickles on my burgers so I ordered mine with extra pickles today.	I love pickles and I always order extra!  We must be twins!
3	I don't know if you have experience with small children, but when my daughter was 3 years old, she spoke her mind all the time. [SEP] Did she ever embarass you out in public? [SEP] Numerous times!  The most memorable was when we were checking out at the grocery store.  The cashier was a man that had an earring.  She promptly (and very clearly and loud) told him "Boys don't wear earrings and you need a haircut"	Numerous times!  The most memorable was when we were checking out at the grocery store.  The cashier was a man that had an earring.  She promptly (and very clearly and loud) told him "Boys don't wear earrings and you need a haircut"	Yikes, I hope they did not take that to heart too much...
6	My son gave his first flute recital last week. He did great and got a standing ovation.	My son gave his first flute recital last week. He did great and got a standing ovation.	That is wonderful!  That is a difficult instrument to master.  Was he nervous beforehand?
1	My son is 3 and we've been working on his ABCs lately.  [SEP] What an exciting time! How's he doing with it so far? [SEP] Well I didn't think he was really grasping it, but last night I heard him singing a song and it was all his ABCs!	Well I didn't think he was really grasping it, but last night I heard him singing a song and it was all his ABCs!	That's awesome! I guess practice does make perfect.
8	I once haf my name called over the intercom at Walmart. [SEP] What did they want? [SEP] I hsd left my purse in the mens bathroom. The womens was to crowded and I had to go.	I hsd left my purse in the mens bathroom. The womens was to crowded and I had to go.	Well, it was fortunate that you got it back ok.
5	My teacher saw me cheat on a test	My teacher saw me cheat on a test	Oh no, you should probably deal with the consequences
8	I lost a game of DoTA today! I can't believe it, it wasn't even my fault. [SEP] If it wasn't your fault, then what caused you to lose? [SEP] My stupid teammates all left the game. I was doing really well but couldn't win by myself.	My stupid teammates all left the game. I was doing really well but couldn't win by myself.	Multiplayer games can be fun, but that's certainly a downfall to them!
1	I was feeling nostalgic when I went to my brother's recent birthday party. [SEP] Oh that's always nice. What made you feel that? [SEP] I was remembering when he was very little, and he would always have trouble blowing out the candles on his cake!	I was remembering when he was very little, and he would always have trouble blowing out the candles on his cake!	Aw that's funny, I always love those kinds of heartwarming moments.
1	i was irked when the lakers got Lebron	i was irked when the lakers got Lebron	They wont win anything
3	I won tickets to a concert and when we got there, they were supposed to have the tickets at the box office and they didn't so the refused us no matter how much proof we gave that we won. It was ridiculous! [SEP] thats insane!! were you able to get in? and what concert? [SEP] It was the worst day ever.  I was so mad.  No!  No matter what we said or even showed them, they wouldn't let us in.  We even called the local magazine that we won it through but they were closed.	It was the worst day ever.  I was so mad.  No!  No matter what we said or even showed them, they wouldn't let us in.  We even called the local magazine that we won it through but they were closed.	shoot thats a bummer! hopefully they will make it up to you
2	I heard on the radio that Beyonce will be performing in my city soon. [SEP] That's cool. Are you a big fan of her? [SEP] Yes I have enjoyed her music over the years and I like to attend her concerts as well when I can.	Yes I have enjoyed her music over the years and I like to attend her concerts as well when I can.	That msut be exciting then, I hope the tickets aren't too expensive.
3	The spilled soda echoed so loudly  in the library it was embarrasing	The spilled soda echoed so loudly  in the library it was embarrasing	Oh no! Hopefully you didn't get too many nasty stares!
1	I've deployed overseas twice in my lifetime, leaving my wife to care for her own. [SEP] I bet you hate having to leave and I am sure she misses you. [SEP] I did, but it's been years since my last deployment. It's just nice knowing that she is a strong enough person to hold down the fort.	I did, but it's been years since my last deployment. It's just nice knowing that she is a strong enough person to hold down the fort.	You must be proud of her. That is great.
3	As a sheltered teenager I used to be scared of almost any new experience...but since I've been mugged, kicked out of the house, lived homeless, been beaten up, won some street fights, sparred state champions in the ring and become fully self-employed there's really nothing that scares me anymore [SEP] Wow. That's pretty amazing. You have been through quite a lot in life. [SEP] Yup and I'm only 26 :)	Yup and I'm only 26 :)	Hopefully, it'll be smooth sailing from no onwards.
6	 I hate scary movies, they scare me so much, especially jumpscares	 I hate scary movies, they scare me so much, especially jumpscares	What movies do you like to watch instead? 
1	My baby walked for the first time just the other day. [SEP] That is cool, did you film it? [SEP] No, I didn't have my phone with me but I am so delighted it happened!	No, I didn't have my phone with me but I am so delighted it happened!	That is awesome, is this your first kid.
6	I have to make a dreadful phone call tomorrow	I have to make a dreadful phone call tomorrow	Oh no, about what?
0	 had a one night stand during my last official trip. I am scared to tell my wife that a baby was birth out of the one night stand, what do i do? [SEP] Oh that is a tough one! You have to tell her no matter what! Just suck it up and break it to her! [SEP] I'm scared she will leave me. This is because I don't have a child with her yet	I'm scared she will leave me. This is because I don't have a child with her yet	I know you are scared, but this was a choice you made, now you have to deal with the consequences.
1	I miss living in the city. [SEP] Did you move to the country? [SEP] Not really. Further outside of the city though. The neighborhood was getting rough. [SEP] Well you have to be safe [SEP] Plus I have kids [SEP] Then you definitely have to be dafe [SEP] I think you mean safe	I think you mean safe	Of course lol
2	I had a few friends over for drinks the other night [SEP] That sounds really nice.  Did you have fun? [SEP] It was nice until everyone left and Some money was missing from my bedroom.	It was nice until everyone left and Some money was missing from my bedroom.	Ugh, that's terrible.  I hope you found the money!
5	i had a roomate and they moved out....the house is so empty and quiet now [SEP] That can be pretty lonely I bet. Are you going to have another roommate then? [SEP] i want another but not actively looking	i want another but not actively looking	I see. Maybe having some private time will be a benefit if you look on the brighter side of it.
0	I went to the blowing all by myself yesterday. [SEP] I'm not quite sure I understand, did you go bowling by yourself? If so that's so sad and lonesome. [SEP] Yeah, I went to the bowling alley all by myself (sorry, forgot a word). It was so lonely.	Yeah, I went to the bowling alley all by myself (sorry, forgot a word). It was so lonely.	As someone who deals with lonesome moments, I know how that feels. I would've totally gone with you had I known you haha.
2	My friend was scheduled to work with me the other day and I was really excited.	My friend was scheduled to work with me the other day and I was really excited.	I bet, its always nice to get a chance to work with someone you really like.  Where do you work?
8	I applied for my dream job but I never got a call back. [SEP] oh that's bad. I feel sorry for you. [SEP] So do I, I saw a person who was having an interview right after me working there yesterday	So do I, I saw a person who was having an interview right after me working there yesterday	But don't feel dejected. Your time will come. I pray for your bright future.
0	Feeling a bit scared about the weekend. [SEP] Feeling a bit scared about the weekend. [SEP] Why?	Why?	I have a hard time with my anxiety sometimes and I will be alone a lot this weekend. I don't like free time, I like to stay busy so I don't think much.
5	I miss taking road trips with my friends [SEP] Maybe you could take one soon. [SEP] No fun riding fours hours with a bunch of kids. I think those days are over	No fun riding fours hours with a bunch of kids. I think those days are over	Oh that is true, but maybe you could leave the kids home with babysitters. That does sound fun.
0	Man, doesn't it grind your gears when people make actual racist remarks?	Man, doesn't it grind your gears when people make actual racist remarks?	Yea that is the worst. I don't understand how it can comeout of here mouth
4	I went to Mcdonald's and they completely messed up my order.	I went to Mcdonald's and they completely messed up my order.	sorry to hear that. What happened
7	I'll sign a new contract at my workplace soon, so yeah, pretty excited about that.	I'll sign a new contract at my workplace soon, so yeah, pretty excited about that.	Ooh congratulations, what for? 
1	My girlfriend bought me a box of chocolates yesterday. [SEP] Nice, what was the occasion? [SEP] No occasion! It just shows me that she really loves me.	No occasion! It just shows me that she really loves me.	That is a great thing. I wish I had a girlfriend like that.
6	MY daughter is so sneaky [SEP] How is she sneaky? [SEP] She added things to her school supply list that she didn't need	She added things to her school supply list that she didn't need	WHy did she do that?
5	I bought some off brand water the other day because it was on sale.	I bought some off brand water the other day because it was on sale.	Well, water's water, so it should work out ok.
3	My family and I were finally getting to go on vacation for the first time in 5 years, but we had to cancel because we all got horribly sick. [SEP] Wow, that is horrible, what did you guys come down with? [SEP] It was a cold and cough that turned into bronchitis for a couple of us and walking pneumonia for one of my kids.  Now school starts so we can't reschedule.	It was a cold and cough that turned into bronchitis for a couple of us and walking pneumonia for one of my kids.  Now school starts so we can't reschedule.	Wow, I hope you guys get better if you already haven't.  That's really a bummer to miss out on a family vacation!
2	My friend lost her job, but she won one of those scratch off tickets for $5,000. [SEP] Seems like things turned out for the better. What is she going to do with the winnings? [SEP] She's going to pay bills until she gets a new job.	She's going to pay bills until she gets a new job.	Sounds like the responsible thing to do. Hopefully she gets a new one soon and her luck continues.
5	So i was struggling in a class once and i didn't study for the midterm on the day of the test. [SEP] Uh oh. Sounds like a bad idea lol. [SEP] Well i was really stressed that day. Then the professor came in and said Midterm is now a take home.	Well i was really stressed that day. Then the professor came in and said Midterm is now a take home.	Well that should make it easier then.
5	My dog died. She was 20 years old. [SEP] That sucks. I am sorry for your loss. [SEP] She was always there for me.	She was always there for me.	Maybe you should get a new one.
7	I recently had a child and feel so great. [SEP] Hey congrats!!!  Hows being a parent working [SEP] Great! I never realized how much i could love someone. lol	Great! I never realized how much i could love someone. lol	Yeah I've always heard that about kiddos.  Congrats and good luck!  I'm sure you will be an awesome parent!! :D
2	i have a doctor's appointment and i'm so scared [SEP] I hope everything goes well! What are you worried about? [SEP] my health has not been great lately and i'm worried something really bad is wrong.	my health has not been great lately and i'm worried something really bad is wrong.	Well I hope that it is nothing serious. 
1	My brother lives across the country and told me he wouldn't make it out for my graduation but he did anyway! [SEP] I bet that was a nice surprise [SEP] It was, I didn't think it'd happen but it did!	It was, I didn't think it'd happen but it did!	That is always a nice surprise
0	I get sentimental about my family, they mean a lot to me and I do not know what I would do without them	I get sentimental about my family, they mean a lot to me and I do not know what I would do without them	I know what you mean. My family is the only thing that keeps me going.
8	There was a motivational speaker at my office a couple weeks ago. His speech really resonated with me. [SEP] Oh wow, what was the subject of the sppech?  [SEP] The speech was on the importance of teamwork and being positive! It was really inspiring!	The speech was on the importance of teamwork and being positive! It was really inspiring!	Oh wow I bet it was a good thing for the whole office to hear! 
6	Last semester, I was mortified about the fact that I had to go in front of the class and present about net neutrality. It went super well though.	Last semester, I was mortified about the fact that I had to go in front of the class and present about net neutrality. It went super well though.	Why were you mortified? I don't know too much about net neutrality.
6	I've been hearing some strange sounds around the house at night lately.	I've been hearing some strange sounds around the house at night lately.	hrmmm wonder if its a ghost or a rodent?
8	I am so exited about the coming world cup final.It is going to be a very exiting game [SEP] I'm not actually much of a soccer fan but the hype is hard to escape!  [SEP] The world is the biggest sports competition worldwide, right after the Olympics.	The world is the biggest sports competition worldwide, right after the Olympics.	Yes, I'm aware, but i'm a much bigger hockey fan. 
5	My kids live 1800 miles away from me. I miss them so my and feel so alone without them. 	My kids live 1800 miles away from me. I miss them so my and feel so alone without them. 	Well maybe you should move closer to them?
1	have you ever had a big test coming up that you worried about? Well I had one recently.and I did not worry at all. [SEP] Thats good because you prepared for it [SEP] Sure did night and day for 5 nights straight . I did not even get butterflies in my stomach before I took it.	Sure did night and day for 5 nights straight . I did not even get butterflies in my stomach before I took it.	Wow,you made it,congrats
2	i cannot sleep tonight..my son starts first grade tomorrow. [SEP] Oh wow that's really exciting! You must be really happy. [SEP] i am beyond happy!	i am beyond happy!	That's great to hear, I hope his first day goes well!
5	I was at the store and did not have enough money to pay for my items. The person behind be paid for my groceries [SEP] Oh wow! That is wonderful! I bet you were so grateful. [SEP] I couldn't believe that someone would do that for me.	I couldn't believe that someone would do that for me.	That was so nice. Maybe someday you will be able to pay it forward.
1	I am so upset with the shipping company. They lost my special package! [SEP] Oh no! Did they reimburse you? [SEP] They are making me file a claim with the shipper, and go that route. It is very upsetting.	They are making me file a claim with the shipper, and go that route. It is very upsetting.	I'm sure it is.  I would be furious!
3	My mom raised me and my brother by herself. I wish I could take care of her in her old age.	My mom raised me and my brother by herself. I wish I could take care of her in her old age.	wow thats great, I hope you are able to do that
8	I'm am so afraid of the dark. I can't fall asleep so I have to have a light on in order to fall asleep. 	I'm am so afraid of the dark. I can't fall asleep so I have to have a light on in order to fall asleep. 	Have you always had this fear of the dark
6	Hi Bob [SEP] Hey what is up?  [SEP] I had an issue with a friend the other day	I had an issue with a friend the other day	Oh, no want to talk about it?
8	I'm so mad at my son! He's had the entire summer to do his summer reading and he put it off to the last minute!	I'm so mad at my son! He's had the entire summer to do his summer reading and he put it off to the last minute!	I'm not suprised. I always did that as a kid.
4	i was mad when i saw a dent in my door [SEP] Woah.  I would be too.  What do you think happened? [SEP] someone hit it and fled 	someone hit it and fled 	How can people do that!  Its awful.  I think you can use those suction things to get dents out pretty well.  Sorry that happened to you.
6	I know I will meet my sales quota this month.	I know I will meet my sales quota this month.	That's great. Do you get a bonus?
2	how important is your work to you [SEP] I do love to work [SEP] great me too	great me too	I hope you work hard going forward
4	Lately, I've been thinking a lot about my grandmother. She passed away recently.	Lately, I've been thinking a lot about my grandmother. She passed away recently.	I'm sorry for your loss.
3	Some of my coworkers are really slacking off lately.	Some of my coworkers are really slacking off lately.	It is frustrating to work with such people. They should be fired instead of keeping them there
1	my grandmother is so sweet, I love helping her :) [SEP] it's nice to have someone who can help you always, i'm pretty sure she loves having you by her side always [SEP] yeah she does. I'm helping her clean her house next week, and I'm not charging my usual $300	yeah she does. I'm helping her clean her house next week, and I'm not charging my usual $300	she probably appreciate you so much for doing that. 
5	The chain on the necklace my boyfriend gave me broke and I lost the pendant	The chain on the necklace my boyfriend gave me broke and I lost the pendant	Where were you when you noticed that is broke? Maybe it's possible to find it!
0	Ugh. Saw a little turtle in the middle of the road and he got ran over by the time I turned around and went back.  So sad. [SEP] Oh no! That's so sad. [SEP] I don't know why they keep going across roads like that.  They are so tiny sometimes cars don't see them.  	I don't know why they keep going across roads like that.  They are so tiny sometimes cars don't see them.  	I don't think they know where they're going. Probably just trying to get home.
0	Some days I feel so alone as if I'm the only person on this earth	Some days I feel so alone as if I'm the only person on this earth	I know what you mean, that has happened to me before and it is an awful feeling.
1	My sister let us know she was going to have a baby! Her other kids are a lot older so we weren't expecting it. 	My sister let us know she was going to have a baby! Her other kids are a lot older so we weren't expecting it. 	That must have been quite the surprise. 
8	I told my son repeatedly to do the dishes, but instead he played video games all night and never got them done.	I told my son repeatedly to do the dishes, but instead he played video games all night and never got them done.	You should confiscate his video game and teach him a lesson.
0	I'm getting scared because both of my parents will not be with me too much longer. They've both got dementia. [SEP] Thats terrible to hear... :( When did you find that out?  [SEP] About a year ago. They hardly know me anymore, and I'm an only child with no real connection to my extended family.	About a year ago. They hardly know me anymore, and I'm an only child with no real connection to my extended family.	Ugh I dont even know how to respond to that other than to tell you to hang in there. Lots of positive and love your way. 
3	i was happy when i got approved for a vacation [SEP] That's good to hear! How long is the vacation for? [SEP] a week	a week	That's not too bad. I hope you have a fun and relaxing vacation!
3	I was thinking about my pets and a few loose cats I know of a lot the past few days and how I will always be dedicated to helping animals." [SEP] Awww.. I love cats.. Sorry.. I was yelling at my boyfriend.. [SEP] LOL! Well that is a funny thing. Yelling at him? What happened! Yes, I will always help them. I am very worried about a little grey and white one especially...He used to beg at my neighbors door..and my neighbor is now gone and I haven't seen him.	LOL! Well that is a funny thing. Yelling at him? What happened! Yes, I will always help them. I am very worried about a little grey and white one especially...He used to beg at my neighbors door..and my neighbor is now gone and I haven't seen him.	Awww.. I hope you find him.. he is playing video games and being super lazy
5	I managed to perfectly dispose of some bodies this week.	I managed to perfectly dispose of some bodies this week.	Perhaps some pigs helped you out with that?
0	Don't you hate it when you're feeling confident in a new hairstyle or some clothes you're wearing, and then someone makes fun of you? Had that happen the other day. Makes you want to be able to hide in the background and never try anything new again [SEP] That is just the worst, who made fun of you? [SEP] It was actually a stranger, and I was on public transportation. They didn't actually say anything to me, I could just tell the way they were giving me a look, and kind of shaking their head and then laughing to themselves, that it was pointed at me. Maybe I read too much into it. Either way, made me want to sink into the ground	It was actually a stranger, and I was on public transportation. They didn't actually say anything to me, I could just tell the way they were giving me a look, and kind of shaking their head and then laughing to themselves, that it was pointed at me. Maybe I read too much into it. Either way, made me want to sink into the ground	That's so disappointing. People should really not be judging others when they don't know how much effort was put in to the outfit.
3	hello there am not feeling good today [SEP] Are you sick? What happened? [SEP] i got flu not good for me	i got flu not good for me	That's terrible. I hope you get some rest.
0	Got my kid a used car. I think it'll last her quite a while. [SEP] That was smart to get a used one. I hope you got a good deal on it. [SEP] Yep. We did. Wife and I are concerned about getting tricked, but we're taking a leap of faith here.	Yep. We did. Wife and I are concerned about getting tricked, but we're taking a leap of faith here.	I think most of the time when people sell children's items you're pretty safe. And you can google to make sure of it too.
2	I am eagrly awaiting fevershly [SEP] Is that uncomfortable for you? [SEP] naw i cant wait	naw i cant wait	Ok, well I hope it comes out ok for you.
0	I had to borrow money from my parents to pay the mortgage. I am having trouble making ends meet. [SEP] I am sorry to hear that,  I hope it is only a temporarily situation and you will be on your feet in no time. [SEP] Thanks I hope so too. I recently took on a second part time job so that should help. These are tough times for a lot of people. 	Thanks I hope so too. I recently took on a second part time job so that should help. These are tough times for a lot of people. 	Yes I know.  It hasn't been easy for me either, but I believe think will go our way pretty soon.
7	When I had to take care of my sick brother who had the flu, during this time I had to watch over him and make sure he was taking his medicine and take his temperature constantly [SEP] ah, thats being a good brother. Is your brother alright now? [SEP] Yea he was able to recover and is now doing fine.	Yea he was able to recover and is now doing fine.	good to hear that!!
5	when i see vomit i almost want to vomit , and in my job there are no janitors so the males on duty need to clean up the mess , and kids vomit in there at least once a week	when i see vomit i almost want to vomit , and in my job there are no janitors so the males on duty need to clean up the mess , and kids vomit in there at least once a week	Oh gross, you should bail quick if you see a kid getting sick, so that you won't be around to help clean it up.
3	When my grandmother died i kind of lost it a little. shut myself into my room for a while. [SEP] That sucks, do you feel better now? [SEP] I do, But i never thought i would shut myself out that much.	I do, But i never thought i would shut myself out that much.	Yeah, isolation can happen when you get super sad. At least you are feeling better now
5	My boyfriend surprised me with a promise ring after I came back from a month long trip [SEP] Aww that is really sweet! how did her do it? [SEP] Not in any extravagant way, he just told me he had a surprise for me and told me to close my eyes, and he placed the ring on my finger. 	Not in any extravagant way, he just told me he had a surprise for me and told me to close my eyes, and he placed the ring on my finger. 	I think he might be the one for you!
5	I thought my son was doing good in school. When I got his report card I found out he failed his math class. I wish he had told me he was in trouble.	I thought my son was doing good in school. When I got his report card I found out he failed his math class. I wish he had told me he was in trouble.	It's hard for kids to do that. Maybe he was just bored?
4	My mother passed away recently and it was a really hard time. When I returned to work my coworkers got me flowers and made me feel welcome.	My mother passed away recently and it was a really hard time. When I returned to work my coworkers got me flowers and made me feel welcome.	That was really nice of them. Sorry to hear about your mother. 
4	My last relationship seemed to going so well until she basically flat out ghosted me.	My last relationship seemed to going so well until she basically flat out ghosted me.	Sorry dude, thats rough. Do you know why she did that?
0	I was watching an old VHS tape of my family and I out at the beach. It's crazy to think how time has flown by so fast. [SEP] That must have brought back a lot of memories. [SEP] It did. Life is good these days, but full of so many worries and stress. Sometimes I wish I could just go back to making dinky little sand castles.	It did. Life is good these days, but full of so many worries and stress. Sometimes I wish I could just go back to making dinky little sand castles.	I know, at least with my son I get to experience some of that still.
5	I was at the store the other day and some old man offered to pay for my drink! He said he didn't want anything in return, he was feeling generous! [SEP] Wow. I wish something like that would happen to me. That is so cool. [SEP] It was! I just wish I could do something to repay him. I hope I see him again.	It was! I just wish I could do something to repay him. I hope I see him again.	Maybe you can pay it forward next time you see someone buying a drink.
0	I think everyday how fortunate I am to have a house, car, food, water and air to breathe. There are so many people in the world who don't even have clean water to drink	I think everyday how fortunate I am to have a house, car, food, water and air to breathe. There are so many people in the world who don't even have clean water to drink	You are so right. Even some of the worst conditions in my home country are better than most.
3	I miss the smell of burnt hay in the fall, my hometown farmers used to do it every year.	I miss the smell of burnt hay in the fall, my hometown farmers used to do it every year.	I get that, nothing can beat home!
0	I bought a pizza earlier and they overcharged me. [SEP] Can you really put a price on pizza? [SEP] Nowadays, yes.  I am irritated about it. 	Nowadays, yes.  I am irritated about it. 	I understand,  If a pizza is more than 10 dollars, im not paying.
6	I saw a man eat a 3 foot sub sandwich. [SEP] WOW!  All by himself in one sitting?? [SEP] Yeah, it was very inspiring to me.	Yeah, it was very inspiring to me.	Are you hoping to do the same thing???!
8	I saved the tickets from my first concert [SEP] its funny what one saves , i saved a mickey mouse that was given to me while i was in the hospital things like 20 years old lol [SEP] The first thing I made in pottery class was supposed to be a mini cactus pot. I use it as an ashtray now lol	The first thing I made in pottery class was supposed to be a mini cactus pot. I use it as an ashtray now lol	good times , you got to hold on to the memories 
2	I really enjoyed my high school reunion [SEP] Those are always so much fun. Catching up with old friends. [SEP] It was really fun.  I hadn't seen most of them since high school	It was really fun.  I hadn't seen most of them since high school	Thats great. I have one coming up. I hope it turns out as good as your went.
8	My best friend got the prettiest girl in the class. I wish I had his game. I am better looking but he gets the girl every time. [SEP] I am sure once you clean up your scruffy look you'll be able to land all the ladies. [SEP] I thought the mountain-man look was in this year. You think deodorant would help too?	I thought the mountain-man look was in this year. You think deodorant would help too?	Nah, you can forgo deodorant. The media just tells everyone it's necessary since it's a poorly known method of government mind control.
8	My neighbor is a drug addict. I hear him talking alone and I see him having weird behavior. [SEP] Well, you should call 911. He might be dangerous anytime for the people in the surroundings [SEP] I already did. The police never did something about it. I am always scared when I get out of my appartment because of him.	I already did. The police never did something about it. I am always scared when I get out of my appartment because of him.	you ought to be careful
1	My dog passed away a week ago. I live alone, and he was the only person that kept me company when I came home at night. Apartment feels so quiet and lifeless without him around.	My dog passed away a week ago. I live alone, and he was the only person that kept me company when I came home at night. Apartment feels so quiet and lifeless without him around.	aww. i can imagine that its really different now in the house.
4	I am excited for the upcoming UFC event this weekend, I already ordered the PPV and am so ready! [SEP] I am not someone who likes that but I [SEP] Yeah, it's a love it or hate it type of sport. To each his own I guess.	Yeah, it's a love it or hate it type of sport. To each his own I guess.	I'm sorry it submitted early. But I'd love to hear why it excites you?
6	I spent some time with my middle daughter by taking her to ice cream. She is so sweet and lovely. We had a very special time.  [SEP] That's great that you had such a good time. You sound like a good parent! [SEP] It is hard, but my kids are happy and they know I love them. I think that is the most important thing. 	It is hard, but my kids are happy and they know I love them. I think that is the most important thing. 	That really is. When I comes down to it what a kid wants most from a parent is love. 
7	My brother is really great at math. When I was taking a really hard math course he was so happy to help me throughout it and I did great in the class thanks to him! [SEP] You must have thanked him for it. He is a smart brother! [SEP] I did thank him a lot. He knows how much it meant to me.	I did thank him a lot. He knows how much it meant to me.	Good on you. Your brother should consider being a teacher! 
4	I went to get an apple this morning. It was rotting. [SEP] That's disappointing. I know how that goes. Its happened to be before [SEP] It was, it completely ruined my breakfast.	It was, it completely ruined my breakfast.	Sorry :(
4	I tried to paint my house one color and it turned out another color. 	I tried to paint my house one color and it turned out another color. 	that is no good, I am sorry that happened to you
4	The hurrican that came through completely destoryed my house	The hurrican that came through completely destoryed my house	Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry! Where are you staying now?
5	My friend has this habit of getting too drunk and losing her mind on every vacation we go on. I'm thinking about canceling the one we have planned in a few weeks. [SEP] You should to them before you do that [SEP] Maybe but it will turn into a fight	Maybe but it will turn into a fight	Well maybe should be civil
3	I have a hole in the sole of my only pair of shoes. [SEP] Aw, that's no good, are you going to buy new ones or patch them up? [SEP] I'm too poor to do either, so I'll just have to keep suffering along.	I'm too poor to do either, so I'll just have to keep suffering along.	Sorry to hear that, hopefully someone will help you out with that.
3	I am happy with my life now, I have a good girlfriend and friend group [SEP] That's nice. You guys hang out a lot? [SEP] Yeah pretty often, pretty much every other day	Yeah pretty often, pretty much every other day	Keep it up. You guys can be in each others' weddings lol
7	So I found out twice that I was pregnant with a daughter, so I have two little girls now. Different ages of course. I am getting all worked up hoping my next one will be a boy! [SEP] How did you find that out? Ultrasound or intuition? [SEP] Ultrasound and an old tale that if the heart rate was above 160 it was definitely a girl lol	Ultrasound and an old tale that if the heart rate was above 160 it was definitely a girl lol	Ah I have two girls too and remember the same old wive's tale haha. Good luck on that boy!
5	An old friend that I hadn't talked to since I was a young teenager recently added me on FaceBook and we had a nice caht. [SEP] That is awesome. It's nice how social media can reconnect people. [SEP] Yeah. As much as it can have negative side effects for society, it can do good too.	Yeah. As much as it can have negative side effects for society, it can do good too.	I think it has its purpose. It makes it easier to find people you lost touch with.
4	this guy cut me off today and we were in traffic [SEP] What did you do? [SEP] i was made and wanted to say some mean things but i didnt	i was made and wanted to say some mean things but i didnt	Thats probably best not to confront them. People are so quick to kill you these days
0	I got cut off in traffic today and I almost hit someone because of it. It made me so angry! [SEP] I bet it did! [SEP] I get pretty bad road rage when my life is threatened.	I get pretty bad road rage when my life is threatened.	That is understandable. I have to catch myself sometimes when my kids are in the car.
3	I felt so ashamed the time that I took money from my parents. I couldn't look them in the eyes for weeks when I was younger.	I felt so ashamed the time that I took money from my parents. I couldn't look them in the eyes for weeks when I was younger.	At least that shows that you have a conscience. I hope that you made it up to them.
0	I moved away from my home town last year for a new job. I sort of regret it since I don't have many people to talk to.	I moved away from my home town last year for a new job. I sort of regret it since I don't have many people to talk to.	I know how you feel.  I moved about 3 hours away from my hometown for school and stayed for 3 years and hated it.  I moved back to my hometown and am so happy now.  I'm sorry you're having a tough time.  Have you gotten out and tried to meet people?
0	I hate waiting, especially on grades.  [SEP] Yes, I'm sure it makes you anxious. But, no sense in worrying! [SEP] I know, I try not to worry!	I know, I try not to worry!	I know it's probably hard not to worry. But, it really doesn't change the outcome, ya know!
3	Last night i was running and a cat jumped out of this bush and almost gave me a heart attack	Last night i was running and a cat jumped out of this bush and almost gave me a heart attack	That sounds like he startled you quite a bit, hope it wasn't a black cat.
2	I'm a teacher and I'm back at school in two weeks.	I'm a teacher and I'm back at school in two weeks.	Oh yeah, school year starts soon. Well I hope you'll have an easy year!
3	My dog pooped on the rug today. [SEP] Yikes, did it take long to clean it up? [SEP] It took quite awhile. I was so peeved!	It took quite awhile. I was so peeved!	Well I hope your dog is feeling better, it would be bad if he was feeling sick or stressed
4	I have not been in the best mood today.	I have not been in the best mood today.	I'm sorry to hear that. Is something wrong?
7	The new paper boy flung the newspaper and broke my window today morning [SEP] what did you do [SEP] I called the police on him because I was so angry. There were glass shards all over my porch. 	I called the police on him because I was so angry. There were glass shards all over my porch. 	oh thats good.. dang kid!
6	When I was at my sweet sixteen birthday party, my crush asked another girl out. I felt terrible. 	When I was at my sweet sixteen birthday party, my crush asked another girl out. I felt terrible. 	Did you have a back up plan?
2	The sun is shining here and I have no plans. [SEP] Sounds like a perfect day. [SEP] Yeah - I'm very happy with it so far:-)	Yeah - I'm very happy with it so far:-)	Glad to hear it, I hope I have a day like that soon.
8	i really like my brothers, they mean a lot to me even if it is frowned upon to express it	i really like my brothers, they mean a lot to me even if it is frowned upon to express it	no iam here dude
7	I know that I will pass my driving test next week. [SEP] I hope so! I hate driving but good luck. [SEP] I have practiced everyday in the parking lot by my house. I know all the rules of the road.	I have practiced everyday in the parking lot by my house. I know all the rules of the road.	Good, that's really important thing.
3	I bought a jacket the other day which I wanted for ages only to get it and not like it in person [SEP] OH no! Can you return it? [SEP] Luckily I can but it's just a bit dissapointing	Luckily I can but it's just a bit dissapointing	Yeah , sometimes stuff looks way better on the model.
0	I found my old high school uniform at my parents house. It really brought me back to those fun times. [SEP] I love reminiscing like that, I hope they were all good memories! [SEP] For the most part they were. I remember hating that uniform at the time. But now its just good memories.	For the most part they were. I remember hating that uniform at the time. But now its just good memories.	I'm glad!  It's funny how we can look back and be able to remember the good times!
3	i miss my familly so much [SEP] Do they live far away from you? [SEP] they live 800 miles away and it makes it so hard when i miss them this much.	they live 800 miles away and it makes it so hard when i miss them this much.	wow that is far.  I hope you guys use video chats
6	I am feeling old!	I am feeling old!	are you?
5	So proud to see my buddy make the team. [SEP] Tell your buddy I said congrats! What team was it? [SEP] It's a high school basketball team! I will.	It's a high school basketball team! I will.	Awesome! Maybe a recruiter from a good college will see them play and give them a scholarship!
4	I entered a writing contest, but I didn't final in it. I was disappointed about that.	I entered a writing contest, but I didn't final in it. I was disappointed about that.	Sorry about that. You should try again and stay confident. The most important is to try.
8	I was going through old pictures the other day of when my daughter was little, it was pretty neat reliving some of those days.	I was going through old pictures the other day of when my daughter was little, it was pretty neat reliving some of those days.	Thats awesome, i dont have kids yet but i was also looking through some old school photos of me and my friends. Such innocent times.
0	Our daughters are growing up so fast on us. They are now 18 and almost 16.  I think you blink and the years just fly by.	Our daughters are growing up so fast on us. They are now 18 and almost 16.  I think you blink and the years just fly by.	Yes i agree.  I have 3 boys and they are in their twenties. I don't know where the years went.
5	I should have spent more time with my partner practicing her driving skills. She failed driving test for the second time already	I should have spent more time with my partner practicing her driving skills. She failed driving test for the second time already	That is sad. Maybe you should put more effort in teaching her yourself
0	I've had my dog for 15 years and he just died. I don't know what I will do without him.  [SEP] This happened to us last spring. Our dog was 8 years old. It can be a very emotional time but it gets better over time. Have you thought about creating a memorial for him? Maybe a photo collage to hang. [SEP] I don't know I really haven't even thought about it yet. I'm still dealing with it.	I don't know I really haven't even thought about it yet. I'm still dealing with it.	I know how you feel. Just know that it gets better and try to think about the great life he had because of you and your love!
3	I was at a party with my boyfriend, and he seemed to be ignoring me. [SEP] Oh no, why do you think that?  [SEP] He was hardly talking to me at all, but he was talking to everybody else a lot.	He was hardly talking to me at all, but he was talking to everybody else a lot.	Aww, I hope that you two were able to discuss about what happened and how it made you feel. He may have not realized that he was doing that because there may have just been too many people there.
3	Someone stole my shoes! [SEP] Did they get your shorts too? [SEP] Just my shoes, and i'm still looking for it.	Just my shoes, and i'm still looking for it.	Call the police
8	I moved out of my beach community in Los Angeles because it was so expensive, I don't know how my remaining friends there exist! [SEP] Theyre clearly fatcats, thats how. Where did you move to?  [SEP] New Orleans. It's a fun city but it's not as nice as California. One of my friends in LA is just a teacher and goes to Hawaii all the time. I've never been.  [SEP] isnt california like really hot? Im not sure if id be able to tolerate the temperature to be honest, do you intend to move back to los angeles in the future? [SEP] It's nice at the beach, like 85 degrees. A cold day is 55, which are rare. I'd like to move back but can't ever imagine paying 2400 for renting a box.  [SEP] i pay 160 euros a month for my apartament lol, 2400 is insanity tbh. and 85 degrees is like 30c D: that is so hot! [SEP] Haha, it feels perfect to me.  Your rent sounds affordable, I'll bet you have healthcare, too. 	Haha, it feels perfect to me.  Your rent sounds affordable, I'll bet you have healthcare, too. 	i actually dont, my country decided to illegally deny it to me, but most people do. you could move to EU if you really wanted to, rent sure would be way more afforadable regardless of which country you pick
4	Pretty sure my pet fish ran away today. [SEP] lmao how the heck did that happen [SEP] I don't know, I went to work and left him in my room like I always do and when I got home he was gone!	I don't know, I went to work and left him in my room like I always do and when I got home he was gone!	oh man i am sorry to hear that! hopefully you find him!
2	I felt guilty yesterday because I yelled at my kids..	I felt guilty yesterday because I yelled at my kids..	We all do it. I bet they deserved it.
2	The sun is shining where I am and I have no plans. I'm fairly happy with that. [SEP] Hey that's great!  That makes for an awesome day.  It's not quite daylight here yet. [SEP] It get's light here about 5am so when it's sunny you wake up super early. [SEP] Yeah.  It's usuallty around 0600 here when it gets light.  It's only 3 here now though [SEP] Well I hope it turns out nice there too.	Well I hope it turns out nice there too.	Yeah I'm sure it will.  Enjoy your beautiful day!
2	I have a sick dog in my house. [SEP] I'm sorry. That must make you sad. [SEP] Yes, but I am awaiting a friend. They are bringing me the right medicine to help my pet.	Yes, but I am awaiting a friend. They are bringing me the right medicine to help my pet.	Glad there's hope for you.
7	I feel very optimistic about where my life is headed. The future is bright! [SEP] That's great. What do you have going on? [SEP] Nothing special, I just feel like everything is finally aligning and things are going in the right direction.	Nothing special, I just feel like everything is finally aligning and things are going in the right direction.	Well that's good to hear!
4	My father in law was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and I tried to help take care of him.	My father in law was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and I tried to help take care of him.	I am sorry. I am sure he appreciates you being there for him
4	i hate sitting around doing nothing. it drives me nuts to do nothing at work when i have a million things to do at home [SEP] Know the feeling. I had one job where I spent all day either playing cards or working online, just to relieve the boredom! [SEP] it's always busy but when there is down time it drives me crazy [SEP] Is there any way you can do something else during down time, or do you have to be available immediately if it gets busy? [SEP] i do other things in my down time but as soon as i get started on something else there is always something to interupt	i do other things in my down time but as soon as i get started on something else there is always something to interupt	I'm sorry. What type of job do you do?
1	My co-workers were really sweet to me a few days ago. [SEP] That's awesome! What did they do? [SEP] They unexpectedly gave me a birthday cake during our weekly meeting a few days ago. It was really cool!	They unexpectedly gave me a birthday cake during our weekly meeting a few days ago. It was really cool!	That is really cool! You have some really great coworkers!
8	Can't wait for sunday! Finally going to the beach. It's been forever [SEP] what beach are you going to? [SEP] Driving to Savannah	Driving to Savannah	i was born in savannah!
0	In High School I loved to play sports. Football was my favorite [SEP] ah I was never much of a sports guy, but I do work out a lot. do you still play? [SEP] Unfortunately I do not. I was not the best on the field and my brains were always my strong suit [SEP] and now they're rattled around by 250lb guys smashing into you [SEP] Exactly! I am glad I got out of the sport without hurting myself perminantly.	Exactly! I am glad I got out of the sport without hurting myself perminantly.	haha yeah. I'm worried about hurting myself by working out too hard
5	I am so upset with my kids. [SEP] What did they do this time? Kids are always getting into stuff. [SEP] They never go to bed at a decent time. I can't get any sleep and am always rushing for work in the morning	They never go to bed at a decent time. I can't get any sleep and am always rushing for work in the morning	Those bums. Maybe then need to be reminded who is the boss.
8	My kitten caught a cockroach in my kitchen last night. She then proceeded to try and eat it in front of me which was disgusting.	My kitten caught a cockroach in my kitchen last night. She then proceeded to try and eat it in front of me which was disgusting.	Yuck! At least the cockroach isn't in your kitchen anymore! My cats like to catch mice and bring them to the front door.
7	I start a new job on Monday! I am excited but very nervous! [SEP] That's great! I hope you perform well and have a wonderful time. What is your profession? [SEP] I hope so to.  I just need to shake these nerves off!	I hope so to.  I just need to shake these nerves off!	Just take a few deep breathes and be confident!
5	I am upset the Jonas Brothers broke up. [SEP] They did!  That is so terrible! [SEP] Yes, I cried for weeks when I found out.	Yes, I cried for weeks when I found out.	I'm sorry, maybe they will get back together.
0	I saw a snake eat a frog, it made me sick. [SEP] That sounds revolting! What did you do? [SEP] I tried to help the frog but it was too late.	I tried to help the frog but it was too late.	Poor frog. May it rest in peace. I will pray for it tonight.
2	I couldn't believe when I found out my sister in law was pregnant [SEP] Congratulations! Are you excited? [SEP] I am@  It will be their first child!	I am@  It will be their first child!	I love being an aunt! I get to spoil other people's kids!
4	I am so happy i have good insurance to cover my car wreck	I am so happy i have good insurance to cover my car wreck	Sorry to hear you had a wreck but thankful you had insurance
8	I'm really scared of going in for interviews, I always get too nervous and clam up	I'm really scared of going in for interviews, I always get too nervous and clam up	Oh I totally hear you there. You cant just like be yourself, and not that being yourself is bad or anything
5	I cant wait to go on my end of summer trip in texas. [SEP] Sounds like fun. What you got planned ? [SEP] not really sure but im excited to just be invited	not really sure but im excited to just be invited	Got any family out there? Cousins perhaps
3	In school I have a big test coming up. I am worried I will not be prepared in time.	In school I have a big test coming up. I am worried I will not be prepared in time.	Oh no, that's always really stressful. Just do your best to prepare, and try not to worry about it. Whatever happens, happens, and if you're less stressed you'll probably do better.
3	I got caught stealing out of a donation box. [SEP] WHAT! WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT  [SEP] I really liked that kind of soup.  I am so ashamed for doing so.	I really liked that kind of soup.  I am so ashamed for doing so.	you better be! i hope you learned your lesson though, we all make mistakes but we need to learn from them 
0	I'm amazed at how far I've come in life...from being a loser living at my parents' house not contributing anything to society..to being a self-employed entrepreneur paying my own bills and rent in Texas	I'm amazed at how far I've come in life...from being a loser living at my parents' house not contributing anything to society..to being a self-employed entrepreneur paying my own bills and rent in Texas	that is absolutely amazing! I'm so proud of you! You should be very proud of yourself as well
6	Ok, buckle up this one's sad. My fiance died when i was 18	Ok, buckle up this one's sad. My fiance died when i was 18	What happened?
5	I was at the store the other day and some old man offered to pay for my drink! He said he didn't want anything in return, he was feeling generous! [SEP] Wow. I wish something like that would happen to me. That is so cool. [SEP] It was! I just wish I could do something to repay him. I hope I see him again.	It was! I just wish I could do something to repay him. I hope I see him again.	Maybe you can pay it forward next time you see someone buying a drink.
7	I had a really great job interview. I thought it went well and would receive and offer. They called today to say they went with someone else. Im a little upset. [SEP] So sorry, you never really can tell with these things can you? [SEP] Im starting to learn that. I just got my hopes up was all. Well on to the next one I guess.	Im starting to learn that. I just got my hopes up was all. Well on to the next one I guess.	I wish you good luck.
3	Someone wrecked my car the other day. I'm so mad. [SEP] Oh that's awful! Will insurance cover it? [SEP] Yes but I have whip lash.	Yes but I have whip lash.	That's terrible. I hope you can get some compensation and feel better.
8	My son just left for college. I miss him so much! [SEP] It's hard. But you will see him soon and nowadays tehre are lots of ways to communicate [SEP] I agree, I will probably FaceTime with him since I am so sad and want to see his face.	I agree, I will probably FaceTime with him since I am so sad and want to see his face.	Soon you'll remember all the mess he made or food he ate and be a little bit glad :-)
8	I am old enough to remember the times before internet and social media when people you spoke over the phone or in person.	I am old enough to remember the times before internet and social media when people you spoke over the phone or in person.	Same. When you had one phone in the middle of the house with the SUPER long phone cord so you could at least get around the corner to talk.
6	My neighbor lets her cats use the bathroom outside in our yard, and of course I stepped in some. 	My neighbor lets her cats use the bathroom outside in our yard, and of course I stepped in some. 	Have you talked to her about this ?
1	I just can't stand it anymore. My partner nags almost about every detail of our relationship. Just yesterday, she criticized my taste for clothing [SEP] That would get very irritating. Have you talked to her about it and let her know how you feel? [SEP] I did many times. She doesn't seem to understand or even consider my concerns. I think we will not go any further with such attitudes	I did many times. She doesn't seem to understand or even consider my concerns. I think we will not go any further with such attitudes	Thats too bad. I am sure it makes things very stressful and difficult.
8	He simply accused me of stealing from him,weve been friends for like 10 years now	He simply accused me of stealing from him,weve been friends for like 10 years now	that is awful, why did he do that
3	My husband had a job interview a few days ago...now we are waiting...	My husband had a job interview a few days ago...now we are waiting...	Ahh that's so anxiety-making. I hope he gets the jon.
1	Summer is almost over, school is starting again soon.	Summer is almost over, school is starting again soon.	I feel your pain totally.  I take an online class and I am a teacher at a new school this year
7	I am sure I will get this house clean tomorrow [SEP] goodluck! [SEP] Thank you.  I don't know why I never complete the job I start	Thank you.  I don't know why I never complete the job I start	yea i think we have all been there
2	i just feel lost [SEP] Oh, no. I'm sorry you feel lost! [SEP] i lost my cat after taking him for a walk and he has no tail	i lost my cat after taking him for a walk and he has no tail	Awww, poor thing! I hope you find him!
3	I thought I saw a bat in my kitchen last night [SEP] Ugh that would freak me out! Did you ever find out if it was a real bat? [SEP] It was a big moth. I'm just afraid of everything. My daughter just opened the door and let it out lol. She is my hero	It was a big moth. I'm just afraid of everything. My daughter just opened the door and let it out lol. She is my hero	Oh well that's lucky for you haha my three sons hate bugs!
5	Yesterday I got so drunk, I shouted at my wife and made a mess in my house.	Yesterday I got so drunk, I shouted at my wife and made a mess in my house.	Oh no! You should never lash out on people while drunk, the worst of things can happen under the influence.
1	My daughter is graduating from medical school this month.	My daughter is graduating from medical school this month.	Oh wow! What an accomplishment!
2	This weekend i'm going to the beach. It's been so long!	This weekend i'm going to the beach. It's been so long!	I hope you have a good time and you enjoy it.
0	i gained so much weight and i look so horrible... it's embarrasing	i gained so much weight and i look so horrible... it's embarrasing	I know that feeling! Eating is so addicting...
1	It was such a great experience travelling around and trying new foods  [SEP] it is the best i once went to italy and the food over there is great [SEP] I love italy, where abouts did you go?	I love italy, where abouts did you go?	i went to rome the food over there is great
5	It went so much better than expected, she loves me back! [SEP] Wow that is awesome. What kind of animal is it? [SEP] It's not an animal it's my girlfriend	It's not an animal it's my girlfriend	Oh sorry I thought maybe you got a pet. Well I am happy for you guys!
4	I was left at the alter by the bride to be this weekend.	I was left at the alter by the bride to be this weekend.	Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. That must have been awful.
6	I have lived in the same area my whole life and worked the same job for 10 years. [SEP] Is it getting boring? [SEP] Not at all. I am perfectly happy and in no need of change.	Not at all. I am perfectly happy and in no need of change.	What do you do?
6	I had such a good moment yesterday...my son spoke his first word!	I had such a good moment yesterday...my son spoke his first word!	Oh. wow. Did you cry?
2	I been dating this guy for a while  now [SEP] that is good to hear , how long ? [SEP] a few months, but I lied about my age when we met. Now I don't know what to do	a few months, but I lied about my age when we met. Now I don't know what to do	if he loves you , it wont matter i am sure everything will work out at the end
8	I cannot wait for the new super smash bros for the nintendo switch [SEP] I didn't know they were recreating that game! When does it come out? [SEP] It comes out in december!	It comes out in december!	I'll need to keep a look out for it!
2	So, I opened up my lunchbox today and had a grilled cheese sandwich.	So, I opened up my lunchbox today and had a grilled cheese sandwich.	I bet that tasted good
3	I have not learned swimming since childhood. I have a phobia for water i guess. Now its difficult to learn [SEP] Do you think you could overcome it? [SEP] i think it just my mind. i think i can over come . But the learning part is difficult after so long	i think it just my mind. i think i can over come . But the learning part is difficult after so long	I cheer for you to make it
7	I bought a 50-50 raffle ticket last night at the fair. [SEP] That is daring! I do hope that you will win. What are the prizes? [SEP] There is only one winner, and the prize is half of all the money earned through sales of all of the 50-50 tickets.	There is only one winner, and the prize is half of all the money earned through sales of all of the 50-50 tickets.	Okay well. I wish you all the best of luck.
8	When I got married I had to board my dog at the vet, I felt so awful about it! [SEP] really? [SEP] Yes, I was afraid he would miss me. I just felt so bad being away from him.	Yes, I was afraid he would miss me. I just felt so bad being away from him.	pets are good as they keep company
0	This sounds weird, but I'm excited because I'll have some free time tomorrow to do some deep cleaning on my apartment. It's been messy since I've been gone most of the summer. I want to get it clean before school starts so I can enjoy it being fresh during the semester [SEP] Nothing like a deep clean to breathe new life into your home! Its a great idea to get it out of the way now so it won't me on your mind once things start to get busy.  [SEP] Yeah, I'm the type of person to get stressed out and become unable to work in an environment that's too cluttered or dirty. It starts to make me feel claustrophobic. I have a good gene I guess, because cleaning relaxes me, while to others it's like a chore.	Yeah, I'm the type of person to get stressed out and become unable to work in an environment that's too cluttered or dirty. It starts to make me feel claustrophobic. I have a good gene I guess, because cleaning relaxes me, while to others it's like a chore.	I completely understand that. Its a good quality to have and is actually healthier in the long run if you keep your surroundings clean.
7	I am so happy. I made an A in all three of my summer classes. I have never done that before. [SEP] hard work pays of [SEP] I couldnt believe what I was capable of. I plan on doing it again this semester.	I couldnt believe what I was capable of. I plan on doing it again this semester.	keep up the good work!
1	I'm so glad I'm near a Taco Bell and Chipotle. [SEP] I'm not much for eating out, I heard Chipotle is good though. [SEP] Me either. I just got pick up my food there.	Me either. I just got pick up my food there.	Well I'm glad some people can enjoy it at least.
2	Even though they're in their 60s and have been together for the past 30 years, my mom and dad still get giddy around each other. Makes me happy [SEP] Thats really awesome that they are still so much in love.  do you have a significant other? [SEP] I do! We've been together for six years. I still feel the same way about her as I did the first day. How about you?	I do! We've been together for six years. I still feel the same way about her as I did the first day. How about you?	Awesome! my wife and I got married 2 years ago, I hope we make it 30 years like your parents!
7	Woof I am having a hard time as of late. I've been waiting on an acceptance into a video production program and it's driving me up the wall. [SEP] Oh, that must be nerve-wracking!  [SEP] It is. A lot of self doubt has crept into my head as of late and I'm trying to fight it off. [SEP] Patience isn't always a virtue that I am good with either. You should feel confident in your work! [SEP] I am trying. Thanks for the boost!	I am trying. Thanks for the boost!	Good luck!
0	I've been waiting for a story to finish, but the author passed away [SEP] Oh no! Which author is it? That really stinks when you can't finish a story. An eternal cliff-hanger. [SEP] Yea, now I try to read completed works lol.	Yea, now I try to read completed works lol.	That's a good idea. I know everyone is worried about that when it comes to George RR Martin and game of thrones.
8	so happy with my fam [SEP] That's awesome. What do you like about your family? [SEP] everything were really close	everything were really close	Aw, that's very sweet! I wish I was that close with my family.
4	My birthday was yesterday. Everybody seems to have forgotten about it though. I didn't get a single happy birthday from anyone family or friends. I thought it was really depressing.	My birthday was yesterday. Everybody seems to have forgotten about it though. I didn't get a single happy birthday from anyone family or friends. I thought it was really depressing.	am sorry about that, you could have reminded them perharps
7	In just two weeks my wife and I will get to find out the gender of our second kid! [SEP] oh thats nice, it's a happy thing to expect a child [SEP] Yeah we're pretty pumped, can't wait.	Yeah we're pretty pumped, can't wait.	Congratulations buddy
0	Spent a lot of my saturday organizing and cleaning my room. There's no better feeling that knowing you accomplished an errand you were supposed to do, and getting to enjoy clean space after your hard work.	Spent a lot of my saturday organizing and cleaning my room. There's no better feeling that knowing you accomplished an errand you were supposed to do, and getting to enjoy clean space after your hard work.	That's wonderful! You're right, it is so rewarding to stand back and see everything clean once you are done.
1	I recently found out my mom was very sick. [SEP] I am sorry to hear that.I hope she gets better. [SEP] She won't. It is stage 4 liver cirrhosis. I'm pretty distraught about it.	She won't. It is stage 4 liver cirrhosis. I'm pretty distraught about it.	That is horrible news.Your family should make sure she gets comfortable on her last moments.
6	You'll never guess what happened! I am so embarassed.	You'll never guess what happened! I am so embarassed.	What happened?
0	I stole some candy from the store. I felt so bad about it. [SEP] Did this happen recently?  Did you take it back and admit the error? [SEP] It did...I committed the heinous crime yesterday in a fit of gluttony. I haven't told anyone about it because the candy lies at the bottom of my thieving stomach. I don't know how I'll ever be able to sleep again.	It did...I committed the heinous crime yesterday in a fit of gluttony. I haven't told anyone about it because the candy lies at the bottom of my thieving stomach. I don't know how I'll ever be able to sleep again.	Well, you may want to think about admitting it to the store manager and paying for it.  Especially if it's bothering you this much, it's the ony way to resolve it.
5	I've been taking care of my aging mom for 5 years now and don't really have any friends, since so much time is used taking care of her.	I've been taking care of my aging mom for 5 years now and don't really have any friends, since so much time is used taking care of her.	That is a nice thing you are doing for her though. Maybe you could hire somebody for a few hours a week and join a gym or yoga class. 
4	I am getting older and it's hard to think on how many bad things I have experienced.\	I am getting older and it's hard to think on how many bad things I have experienced.\	I'm sorry.  It sounds like you had a tough life.
1	One night I couldn't sleep at all. [SEP] Oh no! I hope you didn't have to go anywhere the next day? Did you try anything to help? [SEP] Well, I definitely didn't have to go anywhere because the next day was Christmas!	Well, I definitely didn't have to go anywhere because the next day was Christmas!	Oh, well that's a bonus! No one needs sleep on christmas lol
5	A co-worker of mine got a promotion over me. [SEP] How do you feel about that? [SEP] Pretty annoyed maybe a little jealous.  I guess going to lunch with the boss every day has its benefits. [SEP] It really does, what job do you work at? [SEP] IT [SEP] Do you have any plans to try and get back at your boss? [SEP] Yeah, find a new job. 	Yeah, find a new job. 	You should get on that soon.
6	I just knew it was going to be a good weekend. I had a good feeling	I just knew it was going to be a good weekend. I had a good feeling	I didn't understand. What happened?
4	I was pretty lost when my died dad a few years ago. I felt scared the time	I was pretty lost when my died dad a few years ago. I felt scared the time	oh im sorry to hear that
3	I am so ready to light a candle and bingewatch [SEP] Oh nice. What will you be binge watching? [SEP] Not sure yet.  I just finished Nashville and ready to move on to something else	Not sure yet.  I just finished Nashville and ready to move on to something else	Hope you find something you like.
1	I want to take my kids to a buffet today [SEP] That's great. Hopefully they eat a lot of food! [SEP] I am afraid they won't and I will waste my money	I am afraid they won't and I will waste my money	I am sure they will have a great time
3	I was very sad when my grandmother passed away. [SEP] I am so sorry to hear that!  Don't worry.  I know it is hard but every day will get better. [SEP] It does get better, but it was just so sudden.	It does get better, but it was just so sudden.	Just be strong.  She is in a better place now.
8	Currently, I am having some financial issues. [SEP] that is the worst. i am sorry to hear that. [SEP] I have a job but the salary is not enough. I have also some health issues. So I have some expenses related to that.	I have a job but the salary is not enough. I have also some health issues. So I have some expenses related to that.	those medical bills do add up. i wish we didnt have to pay so much to keep ourselves healthy
3	I just broke up with my girlfriend of 4 years. She left the apartment to me. I'm all by myself.  [SEP] I'm sorry. Do you enjoy having the apartment to yourself? [SEP] No, I don't like being the only one here. There's so much space here for one person.	No, I don't like being the only one here. There's so much space here for one person.	That's true. I hope you find someone new to share it with.
6	So I just got a check from a family member who just passed. For 100,000 dollars	So I just got a check from a family member who just passed. For 100,000 dollars	Wow, that is a big inheritance. What do you plan to do with it?
1	The food was done on time this week!	The food was done on time this week!	That is awesome.  it is great when a schedule works out.
1	A few weeks ago i went to mcdonalds for lunch i waited 20 minutes no food, i went up and asked for my food since i only get 20 minutes , they said an error occurred and gave me my food within 20 seconds i was so mad	A few weeks ago i went to mcdonalds for lunch i waited 20 minutes no food, i went up and asked for my food since i only get 20 minutes , they said an error occurred and gave me my food within 20 seconds i was so mad	It has been really dry here, as well.  We are in a severe drought for the third time in four years.
1	I was walking down the beach and this guy did a double backflip from just the ground. I was amazed	I was walking down the beach and this guy did a double backflip from just the ground. I was amazed	I would have cried right there.
8	I felt pretty interested after hearing someone speak at my church yesterday. They knew what they were talking about [SEP] What was the basic jist of what they were saying? [SEP] It was mostly talking about being charitable	It was mostly talking about being charitable	That's something I personally struggle with. I never feel like I have enough money to hand out, but there's many people worse off than me who could use it.
4	Never regretted it one bit ,amidst the spate of marital problems these days	Never regretted it one bit ,amidst the spate of marital problems these days	Good for you. Don't live with regrets. Learn from mistakes and move on.
2	I just had a brand new coworker start at my job. I've loved helping him learn the ropes! [SEP] Cool. Most people dont like training. [SEP] Yeah I find it interesting to get to meet somebody new. Although it does get tiring too.	Yeah I find it interesting to get to meet somebody new. Although it does get tiring too.	I bet he appreciates you being nice though.
3	I invited all of my online friends in Fortnite. None of them joined to my surprise. [SEP] Oh wow. Maybe they were busy doing other things? Did you find anyone else to play with? [SEP] I think I played solo by myself but it is what it is.	I think I played solo by myself but it is what it is.	Sometimes playing by ourselves is how we get better.
2	I was shocked when the Eagles won the Super Bowl. [SEP] Yes, I think everyone was shocked! The real question is, were you happy? [SEP] I was very happy.	I was very happy.	That's awesome.. Hopefully they win again in the future!
7	After saving for several month and cutting on spending, I have now saved enough to buy an iPhone X without any debt or credit	After saving for several month and cutting on spending, I have now saved enough to buy an iPhone X without any debt or credit	Good, credit and debt are bad things.
0	I went to a newly opened candy store near me for the first time. It brought back waves of childhood memories [SEP] Oh that's good. You will make some good money while having a good time remembering childhood [SEP] Well, I don't own it :) But, it did remind me of when I was a kid and my friends and I would go to a candy shop every week	Well, I don't own it :) But, it did remind me of when I was a kid and my friends and I would go to a candy shop every week	oh ok I understand 
8	I had to put my dog to sleep and it was super stressing! :(  [SEP] oh no. I'm sorry to hear that. [SEP] Thanks, it always sucks when you have to say goodbye.. but shes better off now without pain. Do you have any pets? 	Thanks, it always sucks when you have to say goodbye.. but shes better off now without pain. Do you have any pets? 	I don't. My apartment won't allow, but we are moving soon I hope to get a cat.
3	I can not believe the summer is almost over. [SEP] It is. Now we have to deal with rains and snows. So much to go for the next summer [SEP] Yes, and winter is close.	Yes, and winter is close.	I think climate change will only exacerbate the freezing temperatures during winter season
1	When we moved into our new house, our cat found a field mouse that had gotten inside.	When we moved into our new house, our cat found a field mouse that had gotten inside.	Your cat must have got treats for that.
0	I got to see my baby born on Friday. My first son was born and is in healthy shape. [SEP] wow that must have been so hard to do! i am so proud of you worker_2 how do you feel? [SEP] Like a brand new person. I want to do everything I can to show him how to love a good, moral life!	Like a brand new person. I want to do everything I can to show him how to love a good, moral life!	YES! that is exactly what i would say keep doing that and i hope everything goes well
3	I get sentimental thinking about all the great times I had as a child on my street growing up [SEP] It's a boon for everyone. Great life period is childhood. [SEP] Yeah, that is for sure, I had a lot of great times there, so many memories	Yeah, that is for sure, I had a lot of great times there, so many memories	Yeah, whenever I miss my childhood I try to spend the time with the kids. So we can feel better.
0	A worker was supposed to come to the house to fix my air conditioning. I changed my plans for him and just sat there. Then he never showed up and didn't even bother to call.  [SEP] That's annoying, did you call him after he didn't turn up? [SEP] We didn't bother. At that point, we didn't want to use him anymore. 	We didn't bother. At that point, we didn't want to use him anymore. 	That's understandable. What a frustrating experience for you.
3	I want to do well in my next exams, I want to get my certification [SEP] You should put some time aside to study. [SEP] I will, I have been going over the textbooks a lot	I will, I have been going over the textbooks a lot	That's a good start, just stay motivated and focus on learning everything you can. You should pass the test easily.
4	I've had a stressful time lately. I'm trying to get to a more peaceful place, but it sure is hard. [SEP] You should take a vacation! That always helps me clear my mind. [SEP] No, that's out of the question. I'm behind on bills...so I'm trying to catch up during what is the most expensive time of year for me...it's rough.	No, that's out of the question. I'm behind on bills...so I'm trying to catch up during what is the most expensive time of year for me...it's rough.	Oh man, that is rough. I'm really sorry to hear that. Hang in there!
8	I went to an Imagine Dragons concert this weekend and it was awesome! I don't regret going at all.	I went to an Imagine Dragons concert this weekend and it was awesome! I don't regret going at all.	I actually just discovered Imagine Dragons. I love them!
2	I'm really good at my job [SEP] That's awesome. Do the people you work with know it? [SEP] Yeah my boss can always count on me to do my job well. 	Yeah my boss can always count on me to do my job well. 	I hope you get a raise soon
1	my little brother is my best friend, we always have eachothers backs	my little brother is my best friend, we always have eachothers backs	That's nice! It's always nice to have a good relationship with your sibling
0	I am faithful to my wife, but it's thought. [SEP] Cheating on her? I am in a relationship and not married, and I have the thought too [SEP] My problem is a co-worker of mine.She is gorgeous and very flirting.	My problem is a co-worker of mine.She is gorgeous and very flirting.	I understand that. I live by a college. All the insanely cute girls are always around at every shop, restaraunt, and bar.
0	i cut someone off in traffic the other day and it felt bad	i cut someone off in traffic the other day and it felt bad	I understand.
7	I have had so much to get together for my grad school application. [SEP] What school are you applying to? [SEP] I am applying to NYU.	I am applying to NYU.	That is a tough school to get into. Best of luck.
6	MY WIFE IS THE LOVE OF MY LIFE	MY WIFE IS THE LOVE OF MY LIFE	Why is she the love of your life?
1	I am sad ACDC will not be touring this year. [SEP] I'm sorry, is it because their guitarist died? [SEP] No, they will tour but not until they record a new album.	No, they will tour but not until they record a new album.	At least they are making an album, that's cool.
1	My dad just bought a new motorcycle for my sister since her old one isn't safe anymore! Why can't I get a free motorcycle?! [SEP] Anymore? Are they ever safe?? [SEP] Haha!  You have a point.  Maybe I should have said "safer"! [SEP] What made hers unsafe? [SEP] It was idle for too long.	It was idle for too long.	Cool, you guys can race and whoever loses gets a new one
0	I don't want to go on this Tinder date. Nothing good will come of it. [SEP] Don't be so negative about it. Maybe you'll really like the person. [SEP] I doubt it, I'd rather not waste my time.	I doubt it, I'd rather not waste my time.	So then just let the person know you can't make it. There's no reason to waste that person's time.
6	I got invited to a trip last week and was super happy they let me join them [SEP] how was the trip? [SEP] oh no i got invited last week but the trip is next week	oh no i got invited last week but the trip is next week	Oh so where are you all going?
3	The other day at work when I was in the elevator I realized I had an extra-button from my shirt unbuttoned,  [SEP] Oh geez, I know how that is. How long do you think it had been that way? [SEP] I am not sure I just wondered about that and who were the people I had met.	I am not sure I just wondered about that and who were the people I had met.	That's pretty interesting. Well, I hope you get that all sorted out!
2	I am concerned that the prices for everyday products will rise with President Trump threatening tariffs against China	I am concerned that the prices for everyday products will rise with President Trump threatening tariffs against China	I feel the same way! Prices have already risen on a lot including for people selling things in certain states.
3	I  provide for a family of 8. It's tiring but rewarding	I  provide for a family of 8. It's tiring but rewarding	Wow! The struggle is real. I hope you're not too tired and stressed. I wish you luck for being so selfless! 
7	it was pouring down rain when i got home so i grabbed all my stuff and got ready for a break in the rain so i could get in the house without getting soaked. [SEP] Were you able to avoid the rain?   [SEP] yes thankfully i was able to get in the house without rain falling on me	yes thankfully i was able to get in the house without rain falling on me	That is good!  It seems like you dodged the bullet!
6	My brother stole from me and when I found out about it he didn't even apologize!	My brother stole from me and when I found out about it he didn't even apologize!	That's pretty scummy, has he always been like that?
4	I really wish I had been able to finish that project yesterday.	I really wish I had been able to finish that project yesterday.	I'm sorry to hear that you couldn't finish it! What couldn't you finish?
5	I had an emergency and needed cash. I am glad that that my friend agreed to lend me [SEP] I've been in the same predicament. My lease was coming up and I needed a deposit for a new apartment and my friend was able to help me out. [SEP] I felt very grateful and the trust that I had in him even quadrupled. I hope more people would be like this	I felt very grateful and the trust that I had in him even quadrupled. I hope more people would be like this	I agree. If more people were compassionate like that then maybe the world wouldn't be as messed up.
6	I felt pretty good about this past weekend. I had a date I was looking forward to it	I felt pretty good about this past weekend. I had a date I was looking forward to it	Oh how did it go?
2	I am a nurse and I take care of people in the last stage of their lives. [SEP] Is that like hospice care? How do you deal with seeing loss so frequently? [SEP] Yes it is. It's really tough. I never stop caring about the loss. It's hard.  [SEP] I'm sure you do a great job of making these people feel cared for and loved in their final times. [SEP] That's the best part. Some people are in so much pain it's a relief for them to go. Hard on the families though. 	That's the best part. Some people are in so much pain it's a relief for them to go. Hard on the families though. 	I bet it is. Thank you for giving your time to this type of work.
3	I've got to take my truck to a mechanic next week.  [SEP] Uh oh. Do you think it is something major? [SEP] Yeah, it's an engine thing, so it may well be some really bad news. 	Yeah, it's an engine thing, so it may well be some really bad news. 	Well I hope it isnt too expensive. Maybe it will be a smaller issue.
1	I am so thankful for my wife, and child. I honestly dont know what I would do without them. 	I am so thankful for my wife, and child. I honestly dont know what I would do without them. 	Sounds like you have a wonderful family. Some people take it for granted.
8	I felt grossed out when i found out people eat bugs [SEP] haha. Ye like its normal to them. Nasty [SEP] Yes it is just normal to them	Yes it is just normal to them	hey, eating dogs are normal to some! sick
8	i was truly a party faithful,had work rigorously for the election my party won [SEP] Amazing! I'm so proud of you for your dedication!  [SEP] You can say that again! but the irony of it was that all the appointments i was promised never came through	You can say that again! but the irony of it was that all the appointments i was promised never came through	Oh dang! That's always the worst isn't it
1	My company will give us a bonus because the quarter was good. I am happy.	My company will give us a bonus because the quarter was good. I am happy.	That's great. I've never gotten a bonuse at work.
4	Sometimes I feel all alone	Sometimes I feel all alone	I am sorry to hear that, that's terrible.
7	I always feel like myself from the past when I drive my old truck. [SEP] Sounds like a good time.  What kind of truck is it? [SEP] 1968 chevrolet	1968 chevrolet	My in-laws used to have an old chevy truck I don't remember the year though.
8	So i was told yesterday while i've been away my pet turtle had died. :( [SEP] That's terrible! Did he at least live a good life? [SEP] He did live for 12 years but apparently i wasn't told til now and he died 2 weeks ago.	He did live for 12 years but apparently i wasn't told til now and he died 2 weeks ago.	Oh man! Be sure to give em a proper sendoff. 
1	I saw this guy playing an entire song by himself at a talent show, talk about skilled. [SEP] What song / instrument was being played [SEP] It was For Whom the Bell Tolls by Metallica, he was playing drums, guitar, and vocals.	It was For Whom the Bell Tolls by Metallica, he was playing drums, guitar, and vocals.	Nice I love Metallica.  Was he using a loop station and a backing track or what
7	Tomorrow is a fine day for me - I start my new job.	Tomorrow is a fine day for me - I start my new job.	Congratulations. Are you excited?
7	I get to go to the zoo this afternoon. [SEP] I be you cant wait! Seeing exotic animals is so exciting! [SEP] I haven't been to the zoo in more than a decade too! [SEP] This will be fun! I bet your full of joy right now! [SEP] I'm looking forward to it.	I'm looking forward to it.	Im excited for you! Enjoy your day!
5	My dad got my brother a watch but not me! [SEP] Oh man! you must be sad. have you been bad lately? [SEP] Yea I am sad and jealous of my brother. I didnt even do anything bad! 	Yea I am sad and jealous of my brother. I didnt even do anything bad! 	I can see how your frustrated. Maybe you can talk to your dad about it. 
5	I am so hopeful for a bright future [SEP] What is the big end goal? [SEP] To be a happy and fulfilled person	To be a happy and fulfilled person	I think you can do it.
0	This weekend was very stressful at work, but I have been able to relax during the weekend and read good books.	This weekend was very stressful at work, but I have been able to relax during the weekend and read good books.	That is good, reading always relaxes me too.
7	It's birthday soon. I want to be a better person.	It's birthday soon. I want to be a better person.	Make that wish when you blow out the candles
2	I am excited for the football season, I hope the Eagles can repeat! [SEP] I am not a football fan. What did they do last season? [SEP] They won the superbowl!	They won the superbowl!	That is super cool. I hope they win this one too.
4	My dog pooped on the rug last night. I was so mad at that little imp!	My dog pooped on the rug last night. I was so mad at that little imp!	awww sorry bout your rug...there's a facebook group called doggo you should follow...owners post pics of their dogs with signs around their necks like "I like jumping out of moving cars just to poop in front of strangers" you might be less mad looking at them haha
6	my life is getting so much better ever since i met my wife	my life is getting so much better ever since i met my wife	Aww- that's great to hear! It sounds like she is your perfect match. How did you meet?
5	I'm happy with my cooking skills, I make great pasta [SEP] That's great. I should visit you once for your great Pasta!! [SEP] Thanks! I make it fresh from scratch with flour and eggs	Thanks! I make it fresh from scratch with flour and eggs	you are so skillful!! you should start your own brand!!
7	I got a good job, a nice house, a lovely dog, and great food. Life is awesome. I am so happy.	I got a good job, a nice house, a lovely dog, and great food. Life is awesome. I am so happy.	Good for you! You are a lucky person!
0	I got my foot looked at recently by a doctor, boy was I nervous going into it.	I got my foot looked at recently by a doctor, boy was I nervous going into it.	Oh, that's annoying! I hate going to the doctor...freaks me out. I always feel like they're going to tell me I'll die in 5 weeks
0	I could have sworn I saw a snake in my backyard but I haven't seen it again [SEP] That is horrible. Do you live in a city or rural areas? [SEP] It's more of a city... I'm going to have to call animal control. I don't want to see it again!	It's more of a city... I'm going to have to call animal control. I don't want to see it again!	It is unbelievable to meet these wild animals in a city. You should definitely call them
5	I'm jealous of people who own those new Tesla's. They are slick! [SEP] Oh yea, the Teslas look pretty amazing! [SEP] I need to start working on improving my career to afford one of those bad boys.	I need to start working on improving my career to afford one of those bad boys.	Maybe they'll be more affordable and even slicker when you get around to it.
1	are confident in what you do	are confident in what you do	i believe i am
7	Just got accepted to Yale! [SEP] That's awesome! What are you going to study? [SEP] I'm going to study some business administration.	I'm going to study some business administration.	That's really cool! Good luck!
3	I am a little bit uncomfortable with knowing that my Ex has HIV [SEP] Oh my goodness thats terrible. How did you find out? [SEP] the sister told me. I think I will go and check my status as well	the sister told me. I think I will go and check my status as well	I believe that's for the best. You should get regularly tested after this. I hope the best for you.
3	My closest friend is moving away to another state. I am very sad and think i am going to miss him a lot [SEP] You can at least phone them. [SEP] Well of course we can. But spending time and doing stuff together is much better	Well of course we can. But spending time and doing stuff together is much better	You can go visit.
1	i love having my kitty friends i make them dinner everyday [SEP] Is it a stray or a pet? [SEP] both i go around my community and take every kitty i see and make them dinner	both i go around my community and take every kitty i see and make them dinner	Well that's nice of you. Ive always been a dog person myself.
4	My brother wont stop making fun of my pimple since morning. Ugh! [SEP] That must be so frustrating [SEP] I agree, and annoying because he wont be quiet and keeps making fun of me. 	I agree, and annoying because he wont be quiet and keeps making fun of me. 	I'm sorry to hear that. I hope he stops soon.
2	I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw my dog give birth to puppies. I had no idea she was even pregnant! [SEP] How shocking! I have got to know, are you keeping the puppies or giving them up for adoption? [SEP] I am giving them up after they are weaned. We have enough pets as it is. Also getting my mutt spayed!	I am giving them up after they are weaned. We have enough pets as it is. Also getting my mutt spayed!	Good idea. I hope they aren't too much of a handful until then!
0	I took some copy paper from work today and got caught. [SEP] That's unfortunate. I hope you didn't get chewed out too badly. [SEP] I did. I got caught by my supervisor and she said I will be put on probation.	I did. I got caught by my supervisor and she said I will be put on probation.	I guess they don't see it as just copy paper. To them stealing is stealing no matter how petty. At least you have the chance to change your ways and keep your job.
8	it sucked i was heartbroken but i let her go [SEP] ... im sorry, how did it happen [SEP] its okay and thanks it was 2 years ago, she texted me that she wasn't interested in a relationship and then i found out a week later	its okay and thanks it was 2 years ago, she texted me that she wasn't interested in a relationship and then i found out a week later	that sucks, but hey man it's okay one day you'll find right person 
4	Currently, I am having some financial issues.	Currently, I am having some financial issues.	that is the worst. i am sorry to hear that.
3	I went into that test last week knowing i was going to ace it! [SEP] Wow, you must have been pretty confident then. [SEP] yes i was	yes i was	I hope you did your best and got the grade you wanted.
4	My uncle had been complaining about his stomach hurting frequently. He had some tests done and from previous genetic testing done that showed he was predisposed to a high risk of cancer. So we all pretty much knew what was wrong with him. Hes doing better though.	My uncle had been complaining about his stomach hurting frequently. He had some tests done and from previous genetic testing done that showed he was predisposed to a high risk of cancer. So we all pretty much knew what was wrong with him. Hes doing better though.	Sorry to hear about that. But I am glad to hear he's doing better now! 
0	about today's work 	about today's work 	Okay, I'm feeling nostalgic about my childhood.
8	I've been working hard as a waiter this summer. Kind of fun since it's helped me develop social skills.. One person even tipped me $25 when their order was only like $8. Caught me off-guard that someone wanted to be that nice to me	I've been working hard as a waiter this summer. Kind of fun since it's helped me develop social skills.. One person even tipped me $25 when their order was only like $8. Caught me off-guard that someone wanted to be that nice to me	I had some one tip me a $25 chip at the casino after seeing a pic of my daughter in my locket. I cried lol
4	I lost my sister's pen. It's her lucky one. She didn't scold me. But I feel bad about it. [SEP] Oh no you should buy her a new one! [SEP] Yeah, I gave it. But that was her lucky one.	Yeah, I gave it. But that was her lucky one.	I'm sorry :(   I bet she got upset
7	We are really wanting wanting to buy a newer and bigger vehicle, but we're not sure if we can afford it. [SEP] Oh no. Maybe you can find one that is used, or even rebuilt. I got my car for 75% less than what I would've paid from a car dealer! [SEP] Problem is we don't have a car payment now and going back to having one would be a struggle. We are trying to figure out and pay off bills now.	Problem is we don't have a car payment now and going back to having one would be a struggle. We are trying to figure out and pay off bills now.	Well, stick through it! I wish you luck :) 
3	I really felt so bad when I remembered how I stole my mum's money and my brother was punished for it [SEP] Maybe it's time to clear your conscience so you won't have to feel so bad anymore. [SEP] I'm trying so hard seriously 	I'm trying so hard seriously 	You can't change the past. All you can do is learn from it. If you are sincere then your family will forgive you.
1	Can't believe I failed that test. [SEP] Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. What kind of test was it? [SEP] It was calculus, very hard stuff for me. [SEP] Calculus seems like very hard stuff for anyone. Don't feel too down. Just use this as motivation to study more! [SEP] It's quite hard but I plan to really tackle the next test and ace it.	It's quite hard but I plan to really tackle the next test and ace it.	That's the spirit! Never quit and give up. Everyone fails sometimes.
6	my husband I are fixing my parents house.	my husband I are fixing my parents house.	Well that is very nice of you.  Is it a pretty big project?
7	I had to give a big presentation at work today. I prepared really hard for it. Unfortunatley when it became time for me to present I got really nervous and just froze up. [SEP] Ohh, I feel sorry for you. It happens. [SEP] Sadly yes... I don't know how I'll get over it though.	Sadly yes... I don't know how I'll get over it though.	You will be fine. Do your best the next time!
1	Do you know the feeling of having a vacation after long working months	Do you know the feeling of having a vacation after long working months	Yes! Theres nothing like the relief that comes with not having any assignments or projects due
6	i was happy to get the weekend off	i was happy to get the weekend off	Weekends off are always great.  What did you do with your time?
8	After shopping at Walmart, upon leaving I saw a homeless man sleeping near the entrance. I was so sad to see the man in that situation [SEP] Yes, that always saddens me too. I see them now and then. [SEP] I think there should be some kind of social services to help them come out of this situation	I think there should be some kind of social services to help them come out of this situation	Yeah, there should be, but often there is not really a good option for them.
2	I had to go to a new doctor last week. I was a little nervous and unsure going in	I had to go to a new doctor last week. I was a little nervous and unsure going in	I am usually that way, whenever I have a doctor's appointment. I hope everything went well.
0	I feel like my children will grow up to be very compassianate human beings [SEP] wow thats a good feeling to have [SEP] It is.  They are very kind kids if I do say so	It is.  They are very kind kids if I do say so	you seem to have done a good job. congrats
1	I bought a very cheap dress and i thought it would be low quality but surprisingly it is very well made [SEP] That is the best feeling! I love getting a good deal on a great product. [SEP] me too! i'm pretty cheap :) i didn't expect that dress to be such a good quality	me too! i'm pretty cheap :) i didn't expect that dress to be such a good quality	Sounds like it was a nice surprise :)
4	Well police never show up in my neighborhood. Never. Even with gunshots going on for hours and we are a small city.	Well police never show up in my neighborhood. Never. Even with gunshots going on for hours and we are a small city.	I sorry that you have to deal with that.
3	My finances are not the greatest lately and I've been so worried. I haven't been sleeping due to stressing about this situation. [SEP] I am sorry to hear that, I hope things turn around for you soon! [SEP] Thank you! I'm working through it and I have come up with several solutions to this debt problem.	Thank you! I'm working through it and I have come up with several solutions to this debt problem.	I am glad to hear that, I hope they work out for you!
7	My best friend came over and cleaned my entire house while I was sick with the flu.  [SEP] That is very nice. Did you feel better after that? [SEP] She is the best. I did feel better after that.	She is the best. I did feel better after that.	That is very good and I am glad!
2	I glad I can afford the necessities and a little of what I want	I glad I can afford the necessities and a little of what I want	I hope you goodluck in the future
1	i was waiting all week for saturday morning and i got great weather. i was extactic [SEP] That's awesome, what did you do to take advantage of it? [SEP] got a farmer's market run with nice weather	got a farmer's market run with nice weather	That's great, nothing beats the farmer's market.
0	Last night i was with my friends hanging out, but lied to my partner about it and told that i will be at work staying late. I did not to hear more nagging from her	Last night i was with my friends hanging out, but lied to my partner about it and told that i will be at work staying late. I did not to hear more nagging from her	Well that's not right no matter what your excuse because now you're not trustworthy see
7	My son is a high school baseball player. Last summer we started working on his recruiting process. I'll never forget taking him to his first recruiting camp -- I knew he had talent and was so hopeful that all would go well.  [SEP] That sounds very exciting -- if nervewracking! How did it go for him? (And you ;-)) [SEP] I thought I'd die of nerves, but it went great! He is a pitcher and had a rough warm-up in the bullpen, so I was worried. But when it was his turn to take the mound, it went great! 	I thought I'd die of nerves, but it went great! He is a pitcher and had a rough warm-up in the bullpen, so I was worried. But when it was his turn to take the mound, it went great! 	That is the *best* feeling seeing hard work pay off! You much have been so happy for and proud of him!
1	This morning, I went out to get my paper and a cougar was in my front yard.  I darn near dropped my coffee cup! [SEP] That must have been scary! How are you feeling? [SEP] I am fine now, but I do not like being startled that early in the morning.	I am fine now, but I do not like being startled that early in the morning.	I wouldn't want to be either that sounds terrifying!
3	I remember when Jordan hit that game winning shot against my Utah Jazz in the late 90's.  Still can't believe it. [SEP] I know that must have been so disappointing! [SEP] We would beat them in the regular season over and over but when it came to the finals and specifically the 98' finals, the Bulls just ruined any chance the Jazz had.	We would beat them in the regular season over and over but when it came to the finals and specifically the 98' finals, the Bulls just ruined any chance the Jazz had.	Well there will always be other chances for this match up to play out again.
8	My pet iguana died he was 15 years old.. [SEP] Wow! Is that old for an iguana? Im sorry to hear that [SEP] Not really they can live to be 40 years old. He was nice he loved to just hangout with me and sit on me desk and watch me type.  [SEP] My daughter wants an iguana. I am scared of animals  [SEP] They are really sweet  creatures, if you live in a sunny climate they make great pets. One tip is if you want a male get is as young as possible, they have  a hard time forming bounds the older they get 	They are really sweet  creatures, if you live in a sunny climate they make great pets. One tip is if you want a male get is as young as possible, they have  a hard time forming bounds the older they get 	She is . She may be able to handle it on her own. Thanks for the info
5	I had a huge craving for ice cream the other day but I never got any. [SEP] What is your favorite ice cream? [SEP] I really like chocolate but I didn't make it to the store in time and they were already closed. 	I really like chocolate but I didn't make it to the store in time and they were already closed. 	Oh that is unfortunate, maybe next time
1	I felt nostalgic the other day when I found a photo of my pet who died some time ago.	I felt nostalgic the other day when I found a photo of my pet who died some time ago.	Yeah i have a photo album and every time i look at it i smile
6	Man I really wish I could take a break from work like my wife.  [SEP] Don't we all!  Work is often times one of the most stressful things in life. [SEP] you hit the nail on the head there! its rewarding and stressing at the same time ugh! 	you hit the nail on the head there! its rewarding and stressing at the same time ugh! 	Where do you suppose you would like to take a break at?
1	I have always and will always be true to my loved ones. I would never jeopardize their trust.	I have always and will always be true to my loved ones. I would never jeopardize their trust.	You sound like a very faithful and loyal person!
0	I am super pumped for the new super smash bros, I hope it is as great as it looks	I am super pumped for the new super smash bros, I hope it is as great as it looks	I'm looking forward to it too! I remember playing Smash on the N64. I loved it.
2	i tell you i was red all over [SEP] Why? were you mad? [SEP] i lost my swim trunks in front of a crowd	i lost my swim trunks in front of a crowd	Oh no! thats embarrassing. I hope everyone was too drunk to remember. lol
8	"I was thinking about going camping, but I'm worried about the weather ruining it. [SEP] Is it possible to re-arrange the date to when the weather would be more favorable? [SEP] Unfortunately not, this time is the only time I can get off work until a few months later.	Unfortunately not, this time is the only time I can get off work until a few months later.	I see. You shouldn't let it spoil your plans. Go and have fun but take a rain coat with you!
2	I yelled at my toddler earlier because he wasn't listening but I think I went a little overboard with it.	I yelled at my toddler earlier because he wasn't listening but I think I went a little overboard with it.	I bet it can be easy for that to happen in the spur the moment
2	When we moved, my grandfather gave me a lamp as a gift.  He attached a cut out of a spider to the inside of the shade. [SEP] Haha! That definitely must have scared many people that did not know what it was. That must be hilarious to watch! [SEP] I screamed bloody murder when I saw it lol	I screamed bloody murder when I saw it lol	hahaha I can imagine! I guess I would have done the same. I hope you got him back. Heehee
8	I am such a sap. [SEP] Why do you say that [SEP] I keep everything my kids make for me. I am running out of room	I keep everything my kids make for me. I am running out of room	Thats just being a good parent
8	I'm confident I'm going to hit my new bench press max tomorrow at the gym!  [SEP] Congrats! I'm sure you will, I love going to the gym. I mainly do cardio. [SEP] Yeah working out is great! I love cardio as well, makes you feel alive!	Yeah working out is great! I love cardio as well, makes you feel alive!	Defenitly! I use to run track in high school and was active duty Army so running has always been a big part of my life.
0	I accomplished a great deal of work today. [SEP] That is good, it is nice to be proud of the work you have done! [SEP] Its especially important to me as well.	Its especially important to me as well.	Now you can relax and enjoy the rest of your day.
3	My daughter recently graduated from law school! [SEP] Wow that's great! She still has to pass the bar though right? [SEP] Yes, that's the next step.  She's the first one in our family to even go to college, much less graduate school	Yes, that's the next step.  She's the first one in our family to even go to college, much less graduate school	Wow that's impressive, I'm sure with that determination she'll pass easily.
0	I'm waking up everyday feeling like my life is getting more and more on track toward my goals.  It's pretty great [SEP] That should be an awesome feeling. I do wish you all the best in life. [SEP] Thank you for your kind words.	Thank you for your kind words.	You're welcome! you have your whole life ahead of you, you are a star.
1	I worked on this project for so long, but it turns out my job doesn't even want it done anymore.	I worked on this project for so long, but it turns out my job doesn't even want it done anymore.	Thats sucks
4	I wish my grandma was still alive.	I wish my grandma was still alive.	Awwww  i can relate to that.  I am so sorry.
1	I am excited for baseball playoffs. Are you?	I am excited for baseball playoffs. Are you?	I watch it sometimes, It can be a little slow moving for my taste.
7	i refused to compromise my stand in honesty [SEP] Good for you.  Being honest is important. [SEP] thats not polite ! anyway ive learnt the hard way	thats not polite ! anyway ive learnt the hard way	Sometimes that's the best way to learn
1	I texted a girl for a date. She sent the text to all my friends.	I texted a girl for a date. She sent the text to all my friends.	Oh wow. That must be embarassing!
0	I am so mad Hillary Clinton didn't go to jail. [SEP] I can understand that.  I feel like Trump should have gone to jail a long time ago [SEP] No, he never breaks the law just takes advantage of it.	No, he never breaks the law just takes advantage of it.	I totally agree with you
2	A first cousin of mine who was on his way to obtaining his PHD was suddenly killed in a car accident caused by someone who was driving recklessly. It hurts my heart so deeply. [SEP] im sorry to hear that, my child hood friend died in a car crash , and it hurt me for a really long time, i still have dreams about him through out the years [SEP] It is so hard to sleep at night. I can get my mind off of it during the day, but when trying to fall asleep I have invasive thoughts about him. I feel so horrible for his immediate family too.	It is so hard to sleep at night. I can get my mind off of it during the day, but when trying to fall asleep I have invasive thoughts about him. I feel so horrible for his immediate family too.	his family must be going through some tough times right now , i hope everything goes well
8	My daughter lost her last baby tooth today, she's growing up and it gets me a little choked up.	My daughter lost her last baby tooth today, she's growing up and it gets me a little choked up.	I was just talking about this with my friend. They are getting too old
4	A loud boom went off tonight. Scared me to death.  [SEP] Wow that would scare me too. What caused it? [SEP] Another gunshot likely. Sometimes it's hard to tell- they aren't allowed legally to do fireworks here except on the day of...but they do the bomb one sometimes :/ It's scary as often it IS gunshots...I'm in the ghetto.	Another gunshot likely. Sometimes it's hard to tell- they aren't allowed legally to do fireworks here except on the day of...but they do the bomb one sometimes :/ It's scary as often it IS gunshots...I'm in the ghetto.	Sorry to hear that you're in that situation. Hope you stay safe
3	I left work early today and feel a little bad about it. I was really sick and now I know I'll have to play catch up later today when I go back. [SEP] Oh, you shouldn't feel bad! Everyone gets sick every once in a while and I would hope that your boss and coworkers were very understanding of your needs. It is important to take care of yourself. [SEP] I hope they understand but it's usually frowned upon. I just was so violently ill I couldn't be there any longer.	I hope they understand but it's usually frowned upon. I just was so violently ill I couldn't be there any longer.	Well, it is very important for you to take care of yourself and if your boss doesn't understand that, I would be searching for other employment. Hopefully, they are completely fine with your needs.
3	So, I have a dark confession to make. I ate 24 burritos from Chipotle the other day. Felt so bad about myself. [SEP] I hate overeating especially when I'm on a diet. I feel so guilty about it all the time. [SEP] I know, felt the same thing yesterday. They had to lift me to my car because I couldn't move at all.	I know, felt the same thing yesterday. They had to lift me to my car because I couldn't move at all.	24 burritos, my god. You are a eating terminator!
1	Customer service sent me two bad vacuums now. [SEP] Are you going to keep them [SEP] The second one yes. It works but the stretcher pole thing that is metal doesn't work right. Normally I know this company will simply give a partial refund instead of sending me the part that isn't working right so it is frustrating.	The second one yes. It works but the stretcher pole thing that is metal doesn't work right. Normally I know this company will simply give a partial refund instead of sending me the part that isn't working right so it is frustrating.	That does sound very frustrating
6	I'm glad to have a lot of work to keep me busy	I'm glad to have a lot of work to keep me busy	You don't get any free time?
2	im so happy ill be leaving this state , and moving to another one and start all over [SEP] That sounds like a great adventure, where you moving. [SEP] to new york , my brother lives there he attends west point 	to new york , my brother lives there he attends west point 	That's fun. Ever been there, it's super fun.
0	It's raining really loud! I keep looking outside hoping it doesn't get much worse. We're under a tornado watch right now. [SEP] Oh geez, stay safe!  Tornadoes are one of those weird things for me.  They sort of scare me but before they happen and its raining yet still outside I love going out to see whats happening. [SEP] Yeah, I really like that line when the weather is "interesting" but it stops right before "you lose electricity" or "you get a tornado"	Yeah, I really like that line when the weather is "interesting" but it stops right before "you lose electricity" or "you get a tornado"	hahaha, I dont know if people today would rather lose electricity or get a tornado.  Either way I hope you stay safe and if a tornado does come you dont take any damage!
2	Got a $100 Costco cash card. Gonna spend it all at the food court. [SEP] Awesome. That's a whole lotta pizza slices. [SEP] Yes. 10 weeks of pizza goodness!	Yes. 10 weeks of pizza goodness!	Awesome I hope you enjoy it.  Don't get too fat.
2	I am looking forward to win today's tournament [SEP] Thats awesome, I hope you win! What are you playing? [SEP] Table tennis. My colleagues are anticipating a failure, they don't know I have been practising for the past 8 months 	Table tennis. My colleagues are anticipating a failure, they don't know I have been practising for the past 8 months 	I bet you will do great!! It sounds like you have been practicing very hard and you have the desire. That is a winning combination!!
5	It's a wonderful Saturday morning and I am so anxious to see what today has to offer!	It's a wonderful Saturday morning and I am so anxious to see what today has to offer!	I think that's a wonderful attitude to have!
4	My sister talked me into going on a roller coaster with her. [SEP] Oh yeah? I'm guessing you're not a big fan of roller coasters? [SEP] Not at all. It was so scary. I hated it!	Not at all. It was so scary. I hated it!	Aww I'm sorry you didn't like it. Roller coasters can be pretty scary, even for people like me who enjoy them.
1	A new pizza joint is opening up here! [SEP] WOW that's always a good news! i do love my pizza, and  i am guessing you do too! [SEP] Yes, it will be New York style. I can't wait to go eat there!	Yes, it will be New York style. I can't wait to go eat there!	oh god! make sure you post a lot of pictures and give updates on the taste! you must be so excited
6	Did I tell you about the time I lost my wallet. [SEP] Yes, you were just mentioning it. What happened? [SEP] Well it happened at a realtives house I thought I could trust but I found out different and it made want  to pull my hair out.	Well it happened at a realtives house I thought I could trust but I found out different and it made want  to pull my hair out.	Did you have your wallet returned to you? If it's your relative I think that everything should work out for good.
5	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week [SEP] Nice, did you feel caring since you did so well? [SEP] yes i did	yes i did	You should take care of the pet more often in the future.
3	I was so sad last semester because I got a C in one of my classes when I was so close to an A [SEP] oh feel sorry for you. I just hope you will get it next time [SEP] I hope so too, or else my GPA is screwed.	I hope so too, or else my GPA is screwed.	you will get it don't you worry about it
0	My 21-year old daughter recently moved out and she came back to visit! [SEP] Oh that's great!, was it a surprise? [SEP] She told me she was coming but didn't say when.  But then just showed up to surprise me.  I was so happy.	She told me she was coming but didn't say when.  But then just showed up to surprise me.  I was so happy.	I'm very happy for you, I'm going to visit my mom next month actually.
2	Today is my birthday! I am 34! [SEP] Happy Birthday!!!! What are you going to do for it?  [SEP] Nothing today since its Thursday, hopefully I can bar hop this weekend. Waiting for gifts today.	Nothing today since its Thursday, hopefully I can bar hop this weekend. Waiting for gifts today.	I hope you get lots and lots! 
4	My pet snake died :(	My pet snake died :(	I am sorry, how old was it
2	I got off work at 10am today! Time to head to the beach. [SEP] AHHHHHHHHHH!  That is amazing.  I am so jealous of you.  Where are you going? [SEP] Crystal beach! [SEP] Where is that? [SEP] Near galveston,tx.	Near galveston,tx.	Have fun!  I'm sure you will.
7	I'll sign a new contract at my workplace soon, so yeah, pretty excited about that. [SEP] Ooh congratulations, what for?  [SEP] Just another year (and hopefully a small raise!) at the company.	Just another year (and hopefully a small raise!) at the company.	Best of luck with that raise. Congrats to you!
0	My neighbor asked me to babysit their kid. We've never talked.	My neighbor asked me to babysit their kid. We've never talked.	Now is a good time to get to know them.  It is surprising if they don't know you well though.
2	I'm trying to convince my friend to hop on board this business venture.  I'm staying positive I'm sure he'll come around [SEP] That sounds like it could be a great success.  Do you both work well together? [SEP] Don't know yet but I trust him.  And we both make a lot of cash on this self-employed gig we're on	Don't know yet but I trust him.  And we both make a lot of cash on this self-employed gig we're on	I hope its a major triumph for you both!  
4	I had been expecting my friend to pick m e up for a shopping trip yesterday. Unfortunatley my friend never actually showed up.	I had been expecting my friend to pick m e up for a shopping trip yesterday. Unfortunatley my friend never actually showed up.	Sorry to hear that. Were they busy or did they forget?
8	I didn't get out of the shower fast enough today so I missed the bus	I didn't get out of the shower fast enough today so I missed the bus	omg, Yesterday I did the same thing, but I was late to class!
1	i loved taking care of my sisters pet the other day [SEP] Nice, what pet was it? [SEP] a bearded dragon	a bearded dragon	Sounds very exquisite. You must have cared for it well.
2	My friend was scheduled to work with me the other day and I was really excited.	My friend was scheduled to work with me the other day and I was really excited.	I bet, its always nice to get a chance to work with someone you really like.  Where do you work?
4	I have nobody to share the joys of my life with [SEP] That must be lonely. Do you try to make friends? [SEP] Of course.  But my best friend just moved to New Zealand	Of course.  But my best friend just moved to New Zealand	I am sorry to hear that. Luckily you can always call them.
0	So last week for my birthday two of my friends flew down and I was not aware of it. It really meant a lot because I just moved to a new city. [SEP] That's awesome. [SEP] I couldnt believe it when they called me from the airport asking where my new place was. I thought they were playing a mean prank. I was shocked and so happy to see them.	I couldnt believe it when they called me from the airport asking where my new place was. I thought they were playing a mean prank. I was shocked and so happy to see them.	I bet that warmed your heart. My old friends won't even drive across the city for me. We always meet downtown.
4	My fiance works as a technician installing internet at peoples homes, and they are always tipping him. Often with food and it makes me nervous sometimes.	My fiance works as a technician installing internet at peoples homes, and they are always tipping him. Often with food and it makes me nervous sometimes.	Im sorry about that. Dont be nervous though. He is a loyal person I bet
8	I was disgusted the way the cavs owner treated Lebron during his two stints with the team [SEP] Oh, very interesting. I'm not a fan of the owner either. Why do you feel that way, though? [SEP] I think owners should be professional because everyone is watching.  You treat your star like that? how do you treat the little average joe on the team.	I think owners should be professional because everyone is watching.  You treat your star like that? how do you treat the little average joe on the team.	That's a fair point. But Lebron James is different, and probably seeks to try to really control the team he is on, so that can be difficult too
5	Yesterday I bought my very first videogame with my own money [SEP] Really? What game did you get? [SEP] I got God Of War [SEP] Is it good? [SEP] Yes, although I enjoyed it more because all I had to go through to buy it [SEP] Yeah - feels better when you've paid for it yourself. [SEP] Indeed, my mom was also very proud of me	Indeed, my mom was also very proud of me	So she should be. WEll done.
3	I used to have to walk hours to my grandmothers after school. [SEP] Why did you not get driven there? [SEP] MY mom had moved across town. She would drop me off at school and I would have to walk there after. 	MY mom had moved across town. She would drop me off at school and I would have to walk there after. 	Wow, that is not safe at all for a kid though
0	I was so excited when my oldest daughter came home from college to visit. [SEP] proud parent right , do you miss her during the year ? [SEP] Yes, I sure do. She is so smart. Taking courses for graphic arts while working a job with her major. 	Yes, I sure do. She is so smart. Taking courses for graphic arts while working a job with her major. 	one day my child will make me proud like that
3	We had some limbs fall recently from storms and I've had to work hard to clean it all up.	We had some limbs fall recently from storms and I've had to work hard to clean it all up.	I hope it didn't damage your house or anything on your property!
1	I've been working hard to better things for my family. [SEP] Good for you!  I know that can be difficult, but it will pay off in the end [SEP] Yes, it will. I'm going to make sure of that.	Yes, it will. I'm going to make sure of that.	That's really something to be proud of.  Keep it up!
6	My dog ran away yesterday. I am so distraught. [SEP] Is the first time that he ran away? [SEP] It is! I don't know if he will come home...	It is! I don't know if he will come home...	Then it is a little bit scary. Did you try to find him?
5	I love so much my wife. She has been so caring and kind with me.	I love so much my wife. She has been so caring and kind with me.	That's really nice! You should show her you appreciate her. Maybe cook her dinner!
8	I could not wait for last weekend to get here. We were going to see some new breweries  [SEP] I love visiting breweries! What's your favorite kind of beer? [SEP] I love a good saison	I love a good saison	Not my favorite but I had a really good one the other day with some kind of fruit in it, I could have downed a gallon of the stuff.
2	I can beleive it i won! i won a free disney cruise! [SEP] Awesome! you are extremely lucky. Will you be bringing anyone with you. [SEP] I have to bring my wife of course	I have to bring my wife of course	Duh! You better, I do hope you have a whale of a time. I would be elated.
0	So i like being prepared for a lot of different situations when i go to conventions.	So i like being prepared for a lot of different situations when i go to conventions.	True ! Conventions give you an opportunity to learn as you never know what kind of situations will prop up
1	I found myself divorced a few years ago, and for the first time in my life, I was living alone.	I found myself divorced a few years ago, and for the first time in my life, I was living alone.	I felt sad and depressed due to my insecurities and felt rejected from society
4	My birthday was last week.  It was a really upsetting day.  	My birthday was last week.  It was a really upsetting day.  	Sorry to hear that. Why is that?
0	i was at work and when i went out to my car there was a meowing sound	i was at work and when i went out to my car there was a meowing sound	I know where this is going lol
2	I went on a job interview and thought I did really well. They just called to say I did not get the job. I really wanted it. [SEP] That's too bad. don't give up though [SEP] Its going to be hard to find a another job like that.	Its going to be hard to find a another job like that.	There will be something you like
7	I just had my third job interview this month yesterday! It's been really great having so many job interveiws and I've gotten positive feedback from all of them! I really think I'm going to get one of these jobs! [SEP] Oh I hope you do get the job! What is it? [SEP] Thank you. It's a produt manager job for Nestle. It pays really well and I'm very excitied about the possibilities!	Thank you. It's a produt manager job for Nestle. It pays really well and I'm very excitied about the possibilities!	Well good luck, that sounds like a challenging role!
3	I had a great time this weekend. [SEP] Oh yeah? Nice to hear. What exactly did you do? [SEP] We took a trip to the mountains to hike.  So nice to be away from the city outside in nature. [SEP] That's awesome, I'm from Kansas and first went to Colorado just a couple years ago. It was beautiful! [SEP] That sounds fun.  I haven't been to Colorado yet.  I'd like to go. [SEP] I agree though, always a good time to get away and explore some nature life. [SEP] It's very relaxing.  There was a lot of people.  More than I expected to see.	It's very relaxing.  There was a lot of people.  More than I expected to see.	Well I'm pleased to hear you had a fun time. Hope you get to do it again soon.
5	I don't know how chefs push out food so fast. It takes me an hour to make a meal.	I don't know how chefs push out food so fast. It takes me an hour to make a meal.	lol maybe you need to practice more!
7	I am ready for my job search to being.	I am ready for my job search to being.	Good luckk!!
6	My son is one and climbs everything!	My son is one and climbs everything!	Is that good or bad?
4	I feel abandon these days. [SEP] Whats wrong? Did anything happen? Have you reached out to any friends lately? [SEP] My wife left me a month ago.My friends are trying to help me,but it's not working	My wife left me a month ago.My friends are trying to help me,but it's not working	Aw man, Im sorry. That sounds rough. I know how you feel. Time usually helps but it's pretty gradual. Hang in there.
2	I woke up this morning and saw a scratch on my car, I have no idea how it got there. [SEP] Ugh do you have any security camera that might have captured what happened? [SEP] Unfortunately not. I know it is going to cost a lot to fix it. 	Unfortunately not. I know it is going to cost a lot to fix it. 	I hope so too. Its really annoying when that happens and just ruins your day. 
0	I cant believe how fast time flies.  It feels like just yesterday sometimes	I cant believe how fast time flies.  It feels like just yesterday sometimes	YEs it does, take advantage of the time you have now
2	The week has been going better.  [SEP] Have you had trouble lately? [SEP] Yes! Other people always trying to make life stink lol. No big upsets, no drama. I hope it continues	Yes! Other people always trying to make life stink lol. No big upsets, no drama. I hope it continues	I hope things go well for you too.
8	I ate my sisters food! [SEP] Then what happened? [SEP] She has not found out yet!	She has not found out yet!	I didn't understand you.
6	I was not sure I wanted to start my new job. I was nervous	I was not sure I wanted to start my new job. I was nervous	How'd it go?
1	I get off work in 45 minutes. I can't wait. [SEP] There is no better feeling than getting off of work! [SEP] Tell me about it. I'm dying to get home. [SEP] Maybe you can knock off 43 minutes early. [SEP] I wish, Managment's not gonna let that slide, eventhough they do it themselves.	I wish, Managment's not gonna let that slide, eventhough they do it themselves.	That is the worst!
2	I'm going on a flight next week and I haven't been on a plane before	I'm going on a flight next week and I haven't been on a plane before	Well, I'm sure you are super nervous! Of course, I have no doubt all will be well and a new experience for you!
3	I got the worst mark back on my science test.	I got the worst mark back on my science test.	i hope it wasn't an important and you still managed to pass everything. why did that happen?
1	Hi! I've been losing weight recently and it's helped with my anxiety.  [SEP] I bet you feel great too. [SEP] I definitely do. It's amazing.	I definitely do. It's amazing.	That is awesome. Congrats!
3	My parents were able to pay for me to attend college, however I feel bad for those who were not lucky enough to be born into those circumstances [SEP] Don't feel bad for the opportunity that you have. Life is not set out on an even keel so we all must make the best of our lot. [SEP] That's fair, just feels kind of unfair that some people are born into better circumstances. Then again, I guess life isn't fair.	That's fair, just feels kind of unfair that some people are born into better circumstances. Then again, I guess life isn't fair.	I'm happy that you have this opportunity in life. Keep at it and be thankful for it.
7	I couldn't believe how nice that car was!  She did really well getting that new car. [SEP] Oh that's cool, having a nice new car always feel so sleek and cool. [SEP] Yeah and she bought it the day of our trip so we didn't have to worry about driving an older ride.  Worked out great.	Yeah and she bought it the day of our trip so we didn't have to worry about driving an older ride.  Worked out great.	That's good!
2	I went to the beach a few weeks ago, and it was great. The beach is so beautiful and serene 	I went to the beach a few weeks ago, and it was great. The beach is so beautiful and serene 	I live near the beach, too! It really is great. Although I've been out of town for a while, so I haven't been to it yet this summer. I'm glad you got to go there.
6	I went to my friend's house recently and it was horrific. 	I went to my friend's house recently and it was horrific. 	That sounds terrible! What happened? 
5	We sold our house a year ago and moved to a new one. We are very thankful for all the help our families provided.	We sold our house a year ago and moved to a new one. We are very thankful for all the help our families provided.	You should be proud of the fact you have a new home to build a lifetime of memories in.
0	I have always been faithful to my girlfriend of 2.5 years [SEP] That's nice. Hard to find nowadays. [SEP] That is for sure, you see so many bad stories around the enws and people	That is for sure, you see so many bad stories around the enws and people	I know. I wish things were better!
2	My dog was my best friend, now he's gone and I feel isolated. [SEP] Oh no I'm so sorry to hear that. Are you thinking about getting another one? [SEP] No, I couldn't do that.	No, I couldn't do that.	Oh I understand. They say time heals all wounds, I hope it does in your case as well.
8	I found a wallet and returned it.	I found a wallet and returned it.	That is very kind of you.  Im sure the owner was very appreciative!
4	My dad came to my birthday party. I wasn't expecting it. [SEP] It's nice he showed up. He doesn't normally ? [SEP] No, he works a lot.	No, he works a lot.	Oh, I'm sorry. At least he was able to make it this time!
5	I feel bad that my friend is in a relationship and I secretly hope it doesn't go well.	I feel bad that my friend is in a relationship and I secretly hope it doesn't go well.	Oh, well that doesn't sound good. But, maybe you have good reasons?
4	I was going through a box with old papers in it and I found some old letter my Grandpa wrote me when I was a child.  [SEP] That's really cool. Did it bring back good memories? [SEP] It did! He has since passed away so it made me really miss him. 	It did! He has since passed away so it made me really miss him. 	I'm very sorry for your loss. I'm glad you have the letter from him though.
4	I just found out the small company I work for is going out of business. I cried all day Friday when I found out because I love working for them	I just found out the small company I work for is going out of business. I cried all day Friday when I found out because I love working for them	I am so sorry to hear this. I am sure you will find another job, but it doesn't make it any less painful.
8	I dropped off my car at the mechanic and he said it would cost $300.  I picked it up today and the bill was $3000 and he never asked if I wanted to go that high.	I dropped off my car at the mechanic and he said it would cost $300.  I picked it up today and the bill was $3000 and he never asked if I wanted to go that high.	I wish I had a car.
8	Someone I know was nasty to me again after trying to build trust.	Someone I know was nasty to me again after trying to build trust.	Oh man doesn't that just make you want to take a car and run right..... Just kidding.. but yeah that would make my blood boil
8	it was impressive to see lebron sign with the lakers [SEP] I agree. I'm sure Lakers fans are thrilled! [SEP] yea i just hope they can beat the warriors	yea i just hope they can beat the warriors	I don't think they can... yet. But I'm rooting for them anyway.
5	My kids don't listen to me as much as they should.	My kids don't listen to me as much as they should.	Maybe its time to instill a little discipline.
0	I finally have a closing date on my home, and i cant wait! 	I finally have a closing date on my home, and i cant wait! 	i know that feeling, congraz
1	I don't know why I watched a scary movie. [SEP] what movie was it?  [SEP] i don't know I didn't get far. The was a weird kid and rats.	i don't know I didn't get far. The was a weird kid and rats.	lol sounds terrible! 
1	my uncle died last year	my uncle died last year	oh no!  I'm so sad to hear that :(
1	My friends didn't show up for bowling last night. [SEP] damn dog , thats disappointing to here  [SEP] Well, wasn't really the dog's fault. It was my friends' fault that they didn't show up.	Well, wasn't really the dog's fault. It was my friends' fault that they didn't show up.	 i would be really angry
6	I am expecting a big recession on the horizon  [SEP] Yes, I am as well. Do you have any investments that could be affected? [SEP] We all do.When the recession comes, it will affect the economy as a whole.	We all do.When the recession comes, it will affect the economy as a whole.	I understand that, but do you have a personal investment portfolio that will be directly affected?
1	Sometimes I get emotional about my brothers, they are very important to me [SEP] nothing wrong with that it sounds sweet and caring of you! How many do you have?  [SEP] 2, and they are both younger than me, so I was there role model growing up	2, and they are both younger than me, so I was there role model growing up	So sweet! I am happy you have such a close connection with them ! 
4	I am sometime to afraid to speak in public, for example, during meeting at work.	I am sometime to afraid to speak in public, for example, during meeting at work.	im sorry to hear that, i was born with a lot of anxiety so i can somewhat relate
4	I went out for dinner the other night and it was at a really fancy restaurant.  I knocked my drink over by accident. [SEP] Hey a similar thing happened to me! I hope no one saw! [SEP] It was a full glass, and it spilled all over the table.	It was a full glass, and it spilled all over the table.	Ooops! I'm sorry to hear that. I'll tell you what though, it happens to the best of us! It's just a drink.
3	I'm moving next week and i'm unsure about everything. [SEP] Where to? What location? [SEP] I'm moving to another country.	I'm moving to another country.	Wow, you will be fine. Years ago I went to Japan to teach English and also got called to duty and spent time in Iraq and a few other places. Once you arrive it's never as bad as you will have it built in your head.
8	I ran out of my favorite makeup and can't afford to buy more right now, what a bummer. [SEP] Oh, I hate it when that happens :( Have you looked on places like mercari or ebay? [SEP] I haven't but that might be a good idea for me to try out!	I haven't but that might be a good idea for me to try out!	Yes! I get makeup I need more than half off on those places
5	The cafe down the street used to be my favorite place to eat. [SEP] Used to be? What happened to it? Did it get closed down? [SEP] They are not completely shut down yet, but they have recently failed several health inspections.	They are not completely shut down yet, but they have recently failed several health inspections.	That sounds alarming. You better be careful next time visiting the place. They maybe careless with their sanitary responsibilities
8	My friend just sent me a box with bath bombs and a spa kit! [SEP] That sounds wonderful!  Do you get to use them yet? [SEP] Yes! They are awesome and I feel so much better.	Yes! They are awesome and I feel so much better.	I haven't had a chance to try bath bombs yet.  But my daughter in-law loves them.
2	I am going for a competition tomorrow. I will surely be the winner  [SEP] What type of competition is it?  Im curious. [SEP] It is  a singing competition. It was going to be fun how i will become the winner 	It is  a singing competition. It was going to be fun how i will become the winner 	Wow how interesting!  I really hope you do well.  I am sure you will!
5	I am reay for school to go back. [SEP] Me too! These kids in this house are driving me crazy.  They need to get back on a schedule. [SEP] Yes, I am counting down the days.	Yes, I am counting down the days.	I think mine have two weeks left.
1	I really like the gold necklace that my dad gave me. [SEP] Awe that is sweet, was it a special occasion? [SEP] Yeah it was for my birthday. I wear it everyday now.	Yeah it was for my birthday. I wear it everyday now.	That is good! just a reminder that you have a father that loves you.
3	I purchased a new router and it was DOA when it got to me today :(	I purchased a new router and it was DOA when it got to me today :(	I hate when that happens.  Makes you want to leave things for the mailman.
2	I'm going on a flight next week and I haven't been on a plane before	I'm going on a flight next week and I haven't been on a plane before	Well, I'm sure you are super nervous! Of course, I have no doubt all will be well and a new experience for you!
1	 My friend told me she didnt have enough money for rent and that she needed to borrow some money.  [SEP] I know you're not asking for advice but... DONT. Just dont. [SEP] I know... but I already did.. hoping for the best :/ 	I know... but I already did.. hoping for the best :/ 	ahhhhhh! I see this on Judge Judy everyday!
5	Aliens came down the other day for the first time, and they wanted me to check out the inside of their spaceship! [SEP] That is a pretty weird thing to have happen [SEP] Yeah, it was weirder when they hid all the tools as I was walking through the door, but they seemed like nice guys.	Yeah, it was weirder when they hid all the tools as I was walking through the door, but they seemed like nice guys.	Maybe you should contact the news about it
5	i am going to meet my soul mate this year [SEP] Where are you meeting her? [SEP] I have no idea but I am not going to be single next year	I have no idea but I am not going to be single next year	You should try to get on tinder.
6	I found a brown recluse in my room this morning (a type of poisionous spider)	I found a brown recluse in my room this morning (a type of poisionous spider)	Oh that's terrible!  What did you do with it?
8	My son failed his final exam yesterday. I was so upset with him! [SEP] Oh no! Did he not study? [SEP] He certainly did not! Although, I do have faith in him that he will turn it around next semester, since I am grounding him for eternity.	He certainly did not! Although, I do have faith in him that he will turn it around next semester, since I am grounding him for eternity.	He will for sure get it next time. I'm sure you scared him enough haha
7	I rented a house on the beach this summer. It was so dirty that I couldn't stay. There were cockroachs everywhere. [SEP] Oh wow! Did you get your money back? [SEP] No, I was not able to. I need to sue the landlord.	No, I was not able to. I need to sue the landlord.	Oh good luck with that! Next time use airbnb or vrbo
7	Just walked my dog 2 miles and now we are just chilled out, relaxing on the couch. It's been a good day!	Just walked my dog 2 miles and now we are just chilled out, relaxing on the couch. It's been a good day!	That's a good effective walk!
3	Got to the hotel where I booked my room, and it turns out they gave my room to someone else! [SEP] What?! You should ask them for a free upgrade, because that's not cool. [SEP] They pretty much acted like I'm out of luck.	They pretty much acted like I'm out of luck.	That's awful. Try asking for the manager next time. 
4	I'm so happy and relieved my mom came to my rescue this week. [SEP] Moms are good at doing that, aren't they?  What did she do for you? [SEP] She offered to help me out financially with something that was really stressing me out. [SEP] I know that feeling! What's been getting to you? [SEP] I fell off the back porch steps and broke my wrist. It required surgery.	I fell off the back porch steps and broke my wrist. It required surgery.	I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you make a speedy recovery!
6	I planned for a great vacation, then someone at work got sick so I couldn't go.	I planned for a great vacation, then someone at work got sick so I couldn't go.	That is bad. Did you already made reservation and purchase airline tickets?
1	I walked by my old friends house today and got a blast of nostalgia.	I walked by my old friends house today and got a blast of nostalgia.	Yeah -  get that sometimes too
8	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door [SEP] On your car?? Did you get it on camera? [SEP] nah it was at a grocery store	nah it was at a grocery store	Oh bummer! I can't stand it when people are that selfish! I wish we had CCTV cameras everywhere like they do in the UK
0	My friend just told me their secret [SEP] Is it a good one? [SEP] Yes,  a really juicy one	Yes,  a really juicy one	Tell me.  I want to hear it.
4	was very sad to hear of my friends passing	was very sad to hear of my friends passing	I'm sorry for your loss. That sa to hear.
7	I was sitting here playing video games and heard something loud [SEP] What was it it? [SEP] I looked outside and a freakin spaceship crash landed in my backyard!!!! Christmas came early boys!! [SEP] You cant be serious. [SEP] I am.  You should see this!!  They're getting out now.  Uh oh. I think they see me. [SEP] You definitely made my day. [SEP] Awesome!  	Awesome!  	Well good luck with whatever is out there.
2	I hope to get engaged soon, I have been with my boyfriend for 6 years	I hope to get engaged soon, I have been with my boyfriend for 6 years	I hope so too! Do you know if he is planning on proposing anytime soon?
7	I've been happy with the way things have been going in my life lately. [SEP] That's awesome, glad to hear, what are you most happy with? [SEP] My family life is what I'm always the most happy with.	My family life is what I'm always the most happy with.	A solid and happy family life is the key to a happy life!
8	Nothing scares me more than a snake.	Nothing scares me more than a snake.	I do hate those too
4	I've had this dirtbike since I was a kid, and took all kinds of care of it. My neighbor backed over it on accident. [SEP] That must have been upsetting.  Were you able to get it fixed? [SEP] It's completely mangled. I'm going to try myself, but it doesn't look good. So many years on that thing down the drain.	It's completely mangled. I'm going to try myself, but it doesn't look good. So many years on that thing down the drain.	I'm so sorry to hear that.  You'll still have the memories at least.
1	I was playing a game recently and it reminded me of old times playing with my grandpa. We'd play Chess for so many hours.	I was playing a game recently and it reminded me of old times playing with my grandpa. We'd play Chess for so many hours.	Oh thats so sweet that he taught you to play, he sounds like he was a sweet grandpa.
2	I went home for the summer and my mum cooked for me every day. [SEP] Oh! That's so nice isn't it? where were you coming home from? [SEP] I was coming from college. I felt so pampered and cared for. 	I was coming from college. I felt so pampered and cared for. 	Yes, I felt the same way when I went visit my dad up north. he is a great cook. i bet your mom is.
4	i stepped in dog poop barefooted today	i stepped in dog poop barefooted today	That's really disgusting. I'm sorry to hear that.
0	I got told on short notice that I've got a bunch of people coming over to eat dinner. I just got back from the store and I'm ready to do this!	I got told on short notice that I've got a bunch of people coming over to eat dinner. I just got back from the store and I'm ready to do this!	Oh boy. I know just how you feel. Could you persuade them to go to a restaurant?
0	I lent my co-worker $200 today so she could pay her rent.  [SEP] That's so nice of you. I have been in that place, where I needed help, and was incredibly grateful to those who helped. How did it make you feel? [SEP] I was happy to be in the position to be able to lend her the money. I'm really hoping she pays me back, though! Money's always a bit tight for me too!	I was happy to be in the position to be able to lend her the money. I'm really hoping she pays me back, though! Money's always a bit tight for me too!	I understand! I just got back to that point of being financially stable. I'm happy to help where I can but it is tough
3	I am staying positive that my blood results will come back okay. [SEP] what are you being tested for? [SEP] My health in general. I havent had a check up in 10 years and have been feeling off. 	My health in general. I havent had a check up in 10 years and have been feeling off. 	Well I hope you are okay? Did the doctor hint at anything?
1	I have had the worst day. This morning, I found a dog lying in the street. It was still alive, so I drove it to the vet. [SEP] Oh, I am so sorry to hear that. That is terrible.  [SEP] It is. I hope everything is going to be okay with her. I have been waiting to hear back from them.	It is. I hope everything is going to be okay with her. I have been waiting to hear back from them.	Me too. That was very nice of what you did for that dog. 
4	So I lost my wallet and had to get a new ID issued to me. [SEP] I hope someone turns it in soon to you.. did you lose out on money too?  [SEP] I usually dont have much cash on me but the cards are hard to replace.	I usually dont have much cash on me but the cards are hard to replace.	Yeah a real pain honestly... im sorry that happened to you. :/ 
7	My sister graduated college last week. [SEP] Ah - that's a big accomplishment!!!  Did you get her a great present? [SEP] No, I punched her right in the nose like we do here! It's a tradition.	No, I punched her right in the nose like we do here! It's a tradition.	HAHA!  That is the best tradition I've ever heard of!
5	I'm really thinking about switching jobs, but I'm not sure if I should. [SEP] What are the pros of switching jobs? [SEP] Well, my current job is really hard on my body since it's really physical. The other job is much easier, but less pay.	Well, my current job is really hard on my body since it's really physical. The other job is much easier, but less pay.	Well actually desk jobs are much harder on my body and can be really bad for your back and hips etc, if it's a desk job? Well if you are getting older you might want to start saving up, have a side hustle and maybe think about it? Less pay but more peace, health and time is always worth it :)
4	Pretty sure my pet fish ran away today. [SEP] lmao how the heck did that happen [SEP] I don't know, I went to work and left him in my room like I always do and when I got home he was gone!	I don't know, I went to work and left him in my room like I always do and when I got home he was gone!	oh man i am sorry to hear that! hopefully you find him!
8	It seems every day in traffic i'll let someone out and don't get a wave or anything.	It seems every day in traffic i'll let someone out and don't get a wave or anything.	Thats the worst when you do something for someone and they dont even appear to care! 
7	My boyfriend recently proposed!	My boyfriend recently proposed!	Oh, congratulations! That's awesome. When's the wedding?
4	Last week my mother passed away	Last week my mother passed away	I'm so sorry to hear that. Were you able to be there when she passed?
7	I am so proud of myself for winning a medal at the track meet we had last year. 	I am so proud of myself for winning a medal at the track meet we had last year. 	Congratulations. I never payed any sports.
0	My wife forgot to wish me on our anniversary. [SEP] Have you been married a long time? [SEP] yeah, It's our 2nd anniversary. 	yeah, It's our 2nd anniversary. 	I know that had to hurt. But forgive her and let her make it up to you.
5	Expecting the worst and hoping for the best has always worked out in my favor.  	Expecting the worst and hoping for the best has always worked out in my favor.  	I think that way too!
3	We've moved a lot of the past decade for my husband's job. [SEP] oh really, hopefully its a pretty nice job cause moving is not fun. [SEP] yeah, change is so hard for me!  but it's been worth it	yeah, change is so hard for me!  but it's been worth it	Well at least you get to be with the man you love...hopefully
2	I'm excited to have next week off from work. I'll have lots of time to relax and get things done! [SEP] Sounds great! Yes relaxing time is always needed and appreciated. [SEP] Yeah! and it's been a while to just kick back and not worry about work!	Yeah! and it's been a while to just kick back and not worry about work!	Hope you enjoy your week off! Sounds like you earned it :)
3	I am starting a job next week in a new school as a teacher and I have to give a speech in front of the entire school. Pubic speaking in front of that many people isn't my favorite thing.	I am starting a job next week in a new school as a teacher and I have to give a speech in front of the entire school. Pubic speaking in front of that many people isn't my favorite thing.	I have heard that if you look at one person in the audience and focus on them in their underwear you will relax
4	I've been feeling so horrible lately and I went to the doctor.	I've been feeling so horrible lately and I went to the doctor.	I'm so sorry to hear that. Any news back yet on what it could be?
1	I am ready for my test tomorrow.	I am ready for my test tomorrow.	Well, good to see your confidence.
1	The sun is shining where I am and I have no plans. I'm fairly happy with that.	The sun is shining where I am and I have no plans. I'm fairly happy with that.	Hey that's great!  That makes for an awesome day.  It's not quite daylight here yet.
3	I am looking forward to win today's tournament	I am looking forward to win today's tournament	Thats awesome, I hope you win! What are you playing?
4	I am a proud  father of 3 lovely girls	I am a proud  father of 3 lovely girls	Really sorry to be slow to respond.  How old are your girls?!
5	My kids live 1800 miles away from me. I miss them so my and feel so alone without them. 	My kids live 1800 miles away from me. I miss them so my and feel so alone without them. 	Well maybe you should move closer to them?
5	A friend of mine is a self-published writer. She put out 22 books this year! I can't believe how many she did.  [SEP] That is wild, I wish i could write and make money. [SEP] I am also a writer. I love it 	I am also a writer. I love it 	Maybe i will look into it.
1	"I miss my dog, Baby Girl, poor thing passed away last year after 15 years."	"I miss my dog, Baby Girl, poor thing passed away last year after 15 years."	Oh, that is SO hard. It sounds like she had a long and happy life. I'm sure you miss her so much.
5	Every year I plan to start working on Christmas early so it's not so crazy when the month of December actually gets here. [SEP] Have you started? [SEP] Yes, I started today as a matter of fact.  I'm praying it all goes smoothly this year.	Yes, I started today as a matter of fact.  I'm praying it all goes smoothly this year.	Man. I should start, too.
7	I make a lot of money at my job.  [SEP] I am happy for you. [SEP] Thanks! It feels really good to provide for my family and give them everything they need. 	Thanks! It feels really good to provide for my family and give them everything they need. 	I wish you the most success.
2	i really want to see what my husband and i will accomplish by the end of the year [SEP] In what areas? [SEP] financially and personally	financially and personally	I hope that you all meet and exceed your goals.  It's great to have goals to work towards.
1	I was pretty lost when my died dad a few years ago. I felt scared the time [SEP] oh im sorry to hear that [SEP] Yeah it was a dark time for sure	Yeah it was a dark time for sure	well it sounds like it has gotten a little easier which is always good.
3	We were late for the first day of school [SEP] Oh boy, that's not a good start. [SEP] I know. I stayed up too late with sunday tv	I know. I stayed up too late with sunday tv	hahaha I think we've all done that. It's just the first day anyway.
7	well, my friend won the lottery	well, my friend won the lottery	your friend is probably one of the luckiest people on earth. how do you feel about it/
4	My cousin was telling me about the family all heading out for the annual family lake trip. I was feeling so envious because I can't go this time.	My cousin was telling me about the family all heading out for the annual family lake trip. I was feeling so envious because I can't go this time.	ooh, sorry about that, why cant you join the
2	I'm so glad I have enough money saved in case anything happens.	I'm so glad I have enough money saved in case anything happens.	That's a really good idea, smart thinking! 
0	When we lived in an apartment, we had a lady with a dog above us. [SEP] That's one thing I don't miss is having someone stay above me did they dog make lot's of noise? [SEP] Not too bad, but she would let him go out onto her deck. One day he peed out there and it went all over our deck, our grill, everything basically!	Not too bad, but she would let him go out onto her deck. One day he peed out there and it went all over our deck, our grill, everything basically!	That is so rude and disgusting I know you was a tad bit furious. 
2	I'm surprised with how clean the house was after I came home from my trip. My wife is the best! [SEP] That's awesome. Would have been a bummer to come home to a messy house. [SEP] Yeah, I hate messy places, I'm OCD and it drives me nuts	Yeah, I hate messy places, I'm OCD and it drives me nuts	Well it's good that you have such a great wife! I hope you guys have an amazing life together.
2	I finally got some food today. So happy. [SEP] Oh no! Im sorry. Im sure your excited now! [SEP] I'm totally! I haven't ate all day and was getting lightheaded.	I'm totally! I haven't ate all day and was getting lightheaded.	Oh no! IM glad your no longer feeling hungry. I bet your content with it now
2	my daughet made the volleyball team [SEP] That's great!  Congrats to her!  I bet she worked hard. [SEP] yes, we both were on pin and needles	yes, we both were on pin and needles	I bet!  She's going to have so much fun
7	I have to bake 10 cakes by tomorrow. [SEP] Oh WOW!  That is a lot of cakes!!  Will you be able to get it all done? [SEP] Yes, I am ready to do it.	Yes, I am ready to do it.	Well more power to you!  I don't think I could do that in one night - you must be a good baker.
5	I was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor I have ever smelt. It was repulsive! I couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	I was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor I have ever smelt. It was repulsive! I couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	wow that is embarassing for them! maybe they had a crazy night and had no time to shower?
0	My gold fish past away. [SEP] Oh no - what happened? [SEP] She swam her last swim, and we put her down the toilet.	She swam her last swim, and we put her down the toilet.	We've lost several with our girls over the  years.  I understand.
6	I keep a baseball card of my grandfather in my wallet at all times.	I keep a baseball card of my grandfather in my wallet at all times.	whats that for?
3	I am so sick of my job not paying us for the proper amount of hours!  [SEP] That's terrible. Employers just don't value their employees sometimes. [SEP] It seems like it doesnt it.. i hope it gets better. 	It seems like it doesnt it.. i hope it gets better. 	I hope so, too. Have you considered working elsewhere?
8	Our little chihuahua had pancreatitis this past year and it was not a good outcome for her. [SEP] Aw, I am sorry to hear that. Is she still alive and well? [SEP] No, unfortunately she passed away in February.  It's still hard thinking about it.	No, unfortunately she passed away in February.  It's still hard thinking about it.	Awwwwww poor little doggie. I am sure she is chasing around mailmen happily in doggy heaven.
4	I know Alabama will win the SEC again.	I know Alabama will win the SEC again.	Sorry. What's SEC?
8	I was playing a game recently and it reminded me of my childhood.	I was playing a game recently and it reminded me of my childhood.	those are always good memories
6	I don't have a job currently. So today, I robbed an old lady. I feel bad about it. [SEP] Wow, that's really extreme. You should feel bad about it. [SEP] Yes, I know. I feel really bad but I need to find money to be able to leave.	Yes, I know. I feel really bad but I need to find money to be able to leave.	What do you need to leave?
2	Felt a bit alone this weekend [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that, sounds like family took a trip? [SEP] No, my partner isn't here anymore. I live alone,...except for furkids :) But everytime I felt that way..I remembered the bad times and I didn't feel so bad about living alone.	No, my partner isn't here anymore. I live alone,...except for furkids :) But everytime I felt that way..I remembered the bad times and I didn't feel so bad about living alone.	I'm glad the bad times have stopped and hope your furkids can help cheer you up. I feel lonely at times too it's only human.
5	I see this guys at the skate park do a really cool 360 trick on the half pipe last week! [SEP] Wow that sounds awesome.  I always wanted to be able to do that, but I was never any good [SEP] Yeah, I can only hit the little jumps. I'm too much of a beginner to hit the half pipe. The guy was on fire!	Yeah, I can only hit the little jumps. I'm too much of a beginner to hit the half pipe. The guy was on fire!	Maybe one day you will be able to work you way up to being the next Tony Hawk.
4	I killed my friend's cactus [SEP] How did you do that? [SEP] I guess I over watered it.	I guess I over watered it.	That will do it, sorry to hear that!
5	I am so happy i have good insurance to cover my car wreck [SEP] Sorry to hear you had a wreck but thankful you had insurance [SEP] Yeah they are going to cover everything 	Yeah they are going to cover everything 	I think its wonderful you will not have any expenses from the wreck
3	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I could not handle that at all [SEP] I am so sorry to hear that. Are you with family? [SEP] I am, but it still stings, you know how that is	I am, but it still stings, you know how that is	Yea. It helps to not isolate yourself. Sometimes when people go through a loss like that, they isolate themselves and it just makes you feel worse.
5	I found the ID braclet I wore in the hospital when I was born. [SEP] That is awesome, keep it in a safe place. [SEP] I will. I hope I don't lose it again.	I will. I hope I don't lose it again.	I do not think you will anymore
0	My neighbors left trash all over the stairs. [SEP] That's rude. Do it they do that often? [SEP] They are new. There were bags of chips and crumbs everywhere.	They are new. There were bags of chips and crumbs everywhere.	You should definitely talk to them about that.
1	I really do not like pigs, they scare me. [SEP] I can understand that. Have you ever been up close to one? [SEP] No, I do not even want to be within a mile of one.	No, I do not even want to be within a mile of one.	That is how I feel about mice
5	I accidentally bumped into a guy at the mall and he dropped his phone and the screen cracked.  I felt really bad.	I accidentally bumped into a guy at the mall and he dropped his phone and the screen cracked.  I felt really bad.	maybe he was not watching where HE was going
8	Hi, I went on vacation to Mexico. There is very frequently electricty outage. It is bothering me a lot. [SEP] OH no. I didn't have that problem in MExico [SEP] You were lucky. When did you went? Which city did you go to?	You were lucky. When did you went? Which city did you go to?	It was two years ago. I cant remember where. We stayed on the beach all day.
1	it was suprising to see lebron leave the cavs a second time [SEP] I actually don't know too much about basketball, so I really don't have a strong opinion on that. Is that a bad thing? [SEP] no its just that a superstar player left the team and then returned only to leave a second time  takes a lot of guts to do	no its just that a superstar player left the team and then returned only to leave a second time  takes a lot of guts to do	I guess he's confident that he can do well with any team.
6	I am ready for the Fall Festival.	I am ready for the Fall Festival.	Sounds like a fun event. What all is there to it?
4	I worked so hard to make it up to her and its wasnt enough for my wife [SEP] Uh oh. I am sorry. What happened? [SEP] I wasnt a good husband, and i was too demanding, I tried to make up p but it just wasnt enough 	I wasnt a good husband, and i was too demanding, I tried to make up p but it just wasnt enough 	I am sorry. At least you tried.
0	Man, I was sitting alone at 3am last night with the lights off. Felt spooky [SEP] I can imagine.  I hate being out alone at those kinds of hours.  I try to avoid it. [SEP] Yeah, it wouldn't be so bad if I was with someone, but you know how it is. When the lights are out and no one is around, you feel lonely	Yeah, it wouldn't be so bad if I was with someone, but you know how it is. When the lights are out and no one is around, you feel lonely	I get that feeling.  Something about the dark just feels so depressing sometimes.
7	I am looking forward to my job interview tomorrow. I know I will get it. [SEP] Well good luck and I'm sure you will. [SEP] Thanks but I won't need it.	Thanks but I won't need it.	Your very confident. I guess thats a good attitude to have.
2	With all the catfishing going on these days I was shocked when my Tinder date turned out to be better looking in person. [SEP] I feel like since the show, catfishing has decreased a little bit. It's easy to determine when someone is using fake pictures. [SEP] True.  Have you ever tried online dating	True.  Have you ever tried online dating	I have and it didn't go so well for me. I hope your experience is!
0	My appartment was robbed last week. The police called me to tell me that theyprobably found some of the objects that have been robbed. I hope it is true. [SEP] Oh wow that is terrible I hope you recover everything that was taken from you [SEP] Some of the objects have sentimental value for me more than anything else.	Some of the objects have sentimental value for me more than anything else.	I completely understand I have had my car broken into a few times and had objects that held value and were sentimental to me as well
6	I'm so ready to see my exam marks. [SEP] How do you think you did? [SEP] I think I did well I prepared as much as I could have.	I think I did well I prepared as much as I could have.	That's awesome. When will you get your results?
4	I still remember the day i had to say goodbye to my dad. :(  [SEP] Thats too bad. What happened? [SEP] He had a heat stroke in the middle of July. 	He had a heat stroke in the middle of July. 	Thats horrible. Sorry to hear.
0	Haunted houses really give me the creeps. [SEP] I think they are fun to be. Especially, during Halloween, it gives you goosebumps and excitement of the moment [SEP] It was crazy, I got so scared.	It was crazy, I got so scared.	Life is short. Fill it with some does of such moments to live and remember when you become old
8	My brother promised me he would always be there for me. He hasn't let me down yet.	My brother promised me he would always be there for me. He hasn't let me down yet.	That's so wonderful! I had a very close relationship with my sister too. I always treasured it and loved her so much!
3	I'm waiting to hear back from my doctor about my test results.	I'm waiting to hear back from my doctor about my test results.	oh that sounds super scary , i hope everything comes back ok
6	My neighbors are the worst.	My neighbors are the worst.	Oh no. what happened?
4	Unfortunately we had to have our cat put down earlier last week.  It was an upsetting experience	Unfortunately we had to have our cat put down earlier last week.  It was an upsetting experience	I am so sorry to hear that, that's such a hard decision to make. 
5	I was up for promotion this year. I lost out to another coworker. I really thought I had it. [SEP] Oh no, I'm sorry man. Hopefully next time. Were you at least able to reach out and see what you could improve upon?  [SEP] I got some good feed back. I really thought I had it though. Just a little bummed out.	I got some good feed back. I really thought I had it though. Just a little bummed out.	I bet that is pretty disappointing. Maybe some ice cream will make you feel better.
3	I am getting transferred out of the country for my job. I sold my house and all my furniture and am ready to go start a new life. [SEP] Wow, that's quite the shift! Did you have any difficulties leaving things behind you? [SEP] I will miss my family but I'm kind of ready for something new and exciting.  I am a list maker and always ready so this is out of my comfort zone.	I will miss my family but I'm kind of ready for something new and exciting.  I am a list maker and always ready so this is out of my comfort zone.	Best of luck to you, I hope everything works out great in the end!
5	So proud of my mother!	So proud of my mother!	you should be!
4	i lost my job today. was not my fault we got robbed	i lost my job today. was not my fault we got robbed	Oh no I am so sorry! I bet that must have been scary too
8	Our toilet got clogged and we had to call a plumber to come fix it. It was actually my fault. [SEP] Ah, a plunger didn't do the trick? Hope it wasn't too expensive! [SEP] Nah I tried that but it was too far gone. It wasn't too pricey, but not cheap either. Oh well.	Nah I tried that but it was too far gone. It wasn't too pricey, but not cheap either. Oh well.	Yeah, well at least it didn't break the bank, things happen.
4	My stepmother just died. I am very sad	My stepmother just died. I am very sad	I'm so sorry to hear that.  Death is not an easy thing to cope with.
6	I am so impressed by how a very unknown country in soccer like Croatia got to world cup final.	I am so impressed by how a very unknown country in soccer like Croatia got to world cup final.	They have done well - do you think they are unknown though? The were semi-finalists in 1998 and have had lots of good players over the years (Prosinecki, Suker, Boksic, Savicevic, Boban)
3	I got really mad at the supermarket today.  I felt like they shouldnt treat customers like that [SEP] What happened? Are you ok? [SEP] I was unloading my groceries onto the belt to pay and they told me that the lane was closed. So i had to put it all back into my cart and change lanes.  it was ridiculous	I was unloading my groceries onto the belt to pay and they told me that the lane was closed. So i had to put it all back into my cart and change lanes.  it was ridiculous	I mean they could have just run your items instead of making you mad.
0	A motorist ride his bike at a extreme speed without any control over it. [SEP] that is scary to me, i hate bikes [SEP] I enraged at this motorist. He should be punished for his actions.	I enraged at this motorist. He should be punished for his actions.	i agree they have regard for anyone else
2	I'm 100% positive in my capabilities that I can make a billion dollars in a year.  It's my time to shine and I'm gonna get it nothing can stop me [SEP] Wow, that would be a huge accomplishment if you did it! [SEP] Yes I know I can.	Yes I know I can.	Excellent, hopefully you will share some of your wealth with me.
1	I was super grossed out when I left some noodles in the sink last night and today there were maggots. I about vomited. Fly summer :/ trying everything! [SEP] I had to buy a fruit fly trap this summer as well.  But as soon as I set it up they stopped flying around. [SEP] I have sticky traps and keep things cleaned with bleach and lemon. I need to put lime in the yard and see if that helps. It's like they get in ANY crack everyday! So gross! 	I have sticky traps and keep things cleaned with bleach and lemon. I need to put lime in the yard and see if that helps. It's like they get in ANY crack everyday! So gross! 	I feel your pain.. I really do!
3	I found some old rotten sweet potatoes hiding at the back of my refrigerator.	I found some old rotten sweet potatoes hiding at the back of my refrigerator.	I find myself not finishing potatoes either! They take so long to cook
6	i was pissed when i was told i couldnt leave work on time	i was pissed when i was told i couldnt leave work on time	What did you do?
2	My family disowned me a few years ago. I heard that they were going on the annual family lake trip next week. Thinking about it made me really sad as I remembered all of my childhood memories on this trip. [SEP] Awe, I am sorry to hear that. Do you think there will be any chance of a reconciliation? [SEP] I don't know, I have been waiting five years and have sent many emails to my mom  but she seems too angry. I hope so one day but it seems less likely every day.  [SEP] I know it isn't my place to ask, but why did they disown you? [SEP] I ran away from home with boyfriend, when I was 16, and we had a baby. I don't regret it because we are married now and have three sons. (: I appreciate you asking, thanks.	I ran away from home with boyfriend, when I was 16, and we had a baby. I don't regret it because we are married now and have three sons. (: I appreciate you asking, thanks.	In the end, I hope she sees that you were able to make it work, and if you can and do, she should meet you half way. You are very welcome :)
6	 I stayed home from work today because my son was sick	 I stayed home from work today because my son was sick	Stressful. Was your work understanding? Is he ok?
3	I ordered food yesterday and my fries came with seasoned salt. I hate that. [SEP] Did you call to complain? [SEP] No. I just know next time to request that its not there. Who even likes fries like that>	No. I just know next time to request that its not there. Who even likes fries like that>	Less salt is always better than to much salt on food.
8	I just won a bet against my friend while watching the horse races. [SEP] That's great! What did you win? [SEP] $400 thanks to Red. I opted not to bet with a big group because I don't know much about horses.	$400 thanks to Red. I opted not to bet with a big group because I don't know much about horses.	I don't blame you. I don't know anything about Horses, but congrats on winning the bet
7	Moving my grandmother to an assisted living facility from her independent life has been such a transition for the whole family. Seniors can be stubborn and its been stressful to help her feel at home there and not hate it. Yesterday after visiting her however, she actually is looking more happy to be there finally.	Moving my grandmother to an assisted living facility from her independent life has been such a transition for the whole family. Seniors can be stubborn and its been stressful to help her feel at home there and not hate it. Yesterday after visiting her however, she actually is looking more happy to be there finally.	Thats good to hear. Being independent  all your life and then being cared for all the time can be a hard transition
0	the chargers are supposed to have a great year, but we keep having guys get hurt	the chargers are supposed to have a great year, but we keep having guys get hurt	I like the Ravens.  People always get hurt in football..
0	I've had my dog for 15 years and he just died. I don't know what I will do without him.  [SEP] This happened to us last spring. Our dog was 8 years old. It can be a very emotional time but it gets better over time. Have you thought about creating a memorial for him? Maybe a photo collage to hang. [SEP] I don't know I really haven't even thought about it yet. I'm still dealing with it.	I don't know I really haven't even thought about it yet. I'm still dealing with it.	I know how you feel. Just know that it gets better and try to think about the great life he had because of you and your love!
7	I was thinking about my childhood the other day. I came from a pretty good family and life was so nice and simple when you're young.	I was thinking about my childhood the other day. I came from a pretty good family and life was so nice and simple when you're young.	Thats good,it feels good
2	The other day I found out that my sister is having twins! [SEP] Oh that's wonderful twins seem really cool. [SEP] Yeah she is very excited, she's having twin boys. I can't wait to be an uncle!	Yeah she is very excited, she's having twin boys. I can't wait to be an uncle!	Congrats, I've heard that many twins have a special bond so I hope they have that and do well.
6	I am optimistic about my health. I've gained a little weight but I think with some motivation and consistency, I can lose it all.	I am optimistic about my health. I've gained a little weight but I think with some motivation and consistency, I can lose it all.	That's great! What strategies are you using?
4	Last month, I was very upset.	Last month, I was very upset.	Sorry to hear that. What were you upset about?
7	Just the other day it was my sons first birthday! [SEP] That's so sweet. How did that make you feel? [SEP] I was so happy, it is crazy how quickly a year goes by	I was so happy, it is crazy how quickly a year goes by	Yes! We will be planning a second birthday soon! I cant wait!
0	I would say Karma is due to bring me some good positive vibes today	I would say Karma is due to bring me some good positive vibes today	You are so hyped for the day. I wish that will be the same for me.
0	I saw a lot of people voting today. I voted early. [SEP] Were the lines long? [SEP] Very long. I think its good that people are taking action.	Very long. I think its good that people are taking action.	I agree. More people should get involved to make a change.
8	I went back to my old neighborhood to see friends and it was a crazy feeling. [SEP] Was it a good feeling or a bad feeling? [SEP] A good one. I missed the old days.	A good one. I missed the old days.	I do too. Being a kid was so easy.
1	I found a snake a few days ago while walking in the yard.	I found a snake a few days ago while walking in the yard.	OMG. I would have been so scared.
7	I am shocked Tiger Woods is playing gold again.	I am shocked Tiger Woods is playing gold again.	Hell yeah! Return of the king!
3	I had a bunch of surgeries this year. I"ve never felt more relaxed then when I found out I was clear and they were over with.  [SEP] That had to be rough, and glad to hear you're better. Do you have any follow-up appointments to go to? [SEP] yes I have to be monitored for the rest of my life. 	yes I have to be monitored for the rest of my life. 	Well, at least you have some relief for now.  I hope that it stays in remission.
7	I'm getting married next weekend!	I'm getting married next weekend!	Wow congratulations! Will it be a big ceremony?
2	I am basking in my new found love even though my parent seem to see things differently [SEP] Oh that is a pickle. Congrats on the new love. Why might your parent not approve? [SEP] They want an American with blue eyes, educated in Yale but I am in love with a boy from a Tanzania 	They want an American with blue eyes, educated in Yale but I am in love with a boy from a Tanzania 	Ah they had certain expectations, I see. Well, you can't help who you fall in love with. Hopefully they will support you in the future.
2	I auditioned for a play over the weekend. [SEP] I'm afraid of public speaking or performing in crowds, so that takes courage! How did it go? [SEP] I am not sure yet, but I am very optimistic about it.	I am not sure yet, but I am very optimistic about it.	That's great! You have to keep a good attitude about it. I hope you get the part you want!
6	School starting leaves the house so empty and quiet	School starting leaves the house so empty and quiet	We get really busy in the Fall with a lot of extracurricular stuff.
7	I finally moved out of my home, because the neighbors are so annoying. [SEP] That really stinks. Maybe they will take the hint? [SEP] It's long over. I don't live near them anymore.	It's long over. I don't live near them anymore.	Well that's good!
3	Seeing expensive cars on the road is always inspiring. I am usually in awe because I know it takes hard work to get those! [SEP] What kind of cars do you like the best? [SEP] I like big SUVs like Range Rovers and Jeeps	I like big SUVs like Range Rovers and Jeeps	Range Rovers are my favorite too. If you work hard you can get one!
7	It's always so quiet at night, on those nights when you can't sleep.	It's always so quiet at night, on those nights when you can't sleep.	It's called the hour of the wolf. 
7	We are really wanting to buy a new house. We are hoping it will happen in the next year.	We are really wanting to buy a new house. We are hoping it will happen in the next year.	good luck! need something bigger?
3	i was up set when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door [SEP] Are they going to pay for the repair? [SEP] it was in a store parking lot .. dont even know who did it	it was in a store parking lot .. dont even know who did it	That stinks, nothing you can do.
1	I was at the mall the other day and I smelled some cinnamon rolls. It reminded me of my childhood and was such a good time!	I was at the mall the other day and I smelled some cinnamon rolls. It reminded me of my childhood and was such a good time!	Oh that cinnabon smell can be so enticing!
4	I was scared when i had t go home alone the other day	I was scared when i had t go home alone the other day	Im sorry to hear that. What made you scared?
0	I miss when I was younger. 	I miss when I was younger. 	I know the feeling.  I wish i could go back to being little again
6	 I hate scary movies, they scare me so much, especially jumpscares	 I hate scary movies, they scare me so much, especially jumpscares	Oh yeah, I can't take scary movies of any kind.  I used to watch some of them when I was in my 20's.  What kind of movies do you like?
0	I'm excited for school to start and for the kids to get out of my hair for at least some of the day! [SEP] lol! I bet, how old are they? [SEP] I have 6 year old and an 11 year old.  I'll have the mornings to myself at last!	I have 6 year old and an 11 year old.  I'll have the mornings to myself at last!	Ohhh! Those times are nice. I only have a partner but I know I love my quiet mornings and my morning routine :)
2	Hi! I watched a movie yesterday with my son. [SEP] That's good, how old is your son? [SEP] He is 23 and he picked a movie I didn't really want to see.	He is 23 and he picked a movie I didn't really want to see.	Oh he is quite a grown man. I bet you wanted to catch up on old time growing up with him
0	My boyfriend and I broke up and he moved out. [SEP] That's really tough.  But one closed door leads to the next great opportunity. [SEP] Before he left, he damaged a lot of my stuff and property.	Before he left, he damaged a lot of my stuff and property.	That's horrible!  If you don't have insurance there are a lot of pro bono lawyers that will take your case.  Report it to the police so it is documented and justice will prevail.  You don't deserve or need to put up with that.
8	I am going back to school this semester and decided to get everything ready well in advance.  [SEP] Good for you. Being prepared is half the work of academia.  [SEP] Yeah, I try to stay as organized as possible. It helps stay on top of things.	Yeah, I try to stay as organized as possible. It helps stay on top of things.	It's hard to do, but so important. I'm not super smart, but I'm organized as heck. It makes a difference. 
0	It's almost time for school again. I am so excited. [SEP] Awesome. Are you going to s chool or your children?  [SEP] Both. I take classes online so I need them out of the house again lol	Both. I take classes online so I need them out of the house again lol	Right i work from home so i feel you 
1	I used to rush home from school to catsh a soap opera [SEP] Really? Which one was it?  [SEP] Passions [SEP] Was that in the United States or somewhere else? I used to love All My Children and General Hospital.  [SEP] It was in the US it had a bunch of young people on it. We would all talk about it at school the next day.	It was in the US it had a bunch of young people on it. We would all talk about it at school the next day.	Sounds like fun! I wonder if you could find old episodes online now. 
0	My friend just got engaged to her girlfriend. [SEP] That's great! How exciting! [SEP] Is it? I can't even get a boyfriend!	Is it? I can't even get a boyfriend!	Yeah I know what you mean. It probably feels like you're losing a friend.
0	My brother is much better at sports than me, [SEP] Anything in particular? [SEP] Pretty much every single sport, but especially basketball.	Pretty much every single sport, but especially basketball.	You need to catch up.
2	I have been working so hard and it seems my payment can no longer take care of my bills  [SEP] This has to be a very stressful time for you. How are you holding up? [SEP] I am about to lose it, but i will talk to my boss about it	I am about to lose it, but i will talk to my boss about it	I hope they s/he will view you as a valuable member of their organization and do what is necessary to make sure you are well compensated. 
2	I am hyped for the new super smash bros game coming out for the switch soon [SEP] Haha every character ever, right? I bet that will be fun [SEP] It sure will be, I am super excited for it, plus they will add more characters I am sure	It sure will be, I am super excited for it, plus they will add more characters I am sure	Yup. I heard it's all of them and it will be the biggest smash ever!
6	I've just about lost my destructive parents now.	I've just about lost my destructive parents now.	Not quite sure I get what youre saying. Lost as in missing?
6	My neighbor recently had a baby! I brought her and her family a ton of food.	My neighbor recently had a baby! I brought her and her family a ton of food.	I like food.  What kind?
2	I had to give a speech at work and I forgot what I was saying right in the middle. [SEP] That's never fun.  Did you have any notes to help you remember? [SEP] No I did not, and everyone laughed at me. It was terrible.	No I did not, and everyone laughed at me. It was terrible.	That wasn't very nice of them.  It's quite common to forget things.  Hopefully next time you remember!
8	Have you noticed the trends with engagement proposals and save the date YouTube videos?  I find them to be so romantic. [SEP] I have not seen those but that sounds cute. Are you married? [SEP] No and have no intentions of getting married.  However, I don't have any problems with celebrating with those who make that choice.  	No and have no intentions of getting married.  However, I don't have any problems with celebrating with those who make that choice.  	Yep there's nothing wrong with either of those things!
7	I was going for a walk in the neighborhood and I felt something drop on my head. [SEP] that is intense! what was it? [SEP] I reached up and realized a bird had done its business on my head. I was revolted!	I reached up and realized a bird had done its business on my head. I was revolted!	ahh dang, thats terrible! that is pretty bad luck
4	That promotion I was telling you about at work, well I did not get it. The worst part is that my friend did. Its hard for me to be happy for him.	That promotion I was telling you about at work, well I did not get it. The worst part is that my friend did. Its hard for me to be happy for him.	Oh man. I am sorry. Your time will come. That is a very hard situation! One of those hard ones in life.
1	I was in a car accident one time.  [SEP] Oh, that's awful. Were you okay, or did you have to go to the hospital? [SEP] I was okay, just shook up.  I could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	I was okay, just shook up.  I could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	That sounds terrifying! I've never been in a car accident, and sure wouldn't like to be in one.
0	I can't believe I was the only one to think to bring Smores supplies on our camping trip! [SEP] Smores are a must when camping. [SEP] They are! How could everyone else not think about them?	They are! How could everyone else not think about them?	I don't know. They probably brought their cell phones
0	I am so upset with how my rent continues to increase!  [SEP] I know, it's awful! How much did your rent go up? [SEP] another 95 dollars. it has went up 3 times in 6 months. 	another 95 dollars. it has went up 3 times in 6 months. 	Wow...You need to find a new place to live because that's completely unreasonable.
1	My sister now works at Lockheed Martin. I wish that was my job [SEP] That's really impressive! What do you like about it? [SEP] They build airplanes and missiles i always wanted to work with fighter jets	They build airplanes and missiles i always wanted to work with fighter jets	That does sound really exciting. 
0	The sun is shining where I am and I have no plans. I'm fairly happy with that. [SEP] Hey that's great!  That makes for an awesome day.  It's not quite daylight here yet. [SEP] It get's light here about 5am so when it's sunny you wake up super early.	It get's light here about 5am so when it's sunny you wake up super early.	Yeah.  It's usuallty around 0600 here when it gets light.  It's only 3 here now though
5	i really miss my family. we are 800 miles away from each other. [SEP] Did you make any plans to go and visit them? [SEP] i try to go once a year but money is tight right now.	i try to go once a year but money is tight right now.	Maybe you will be able to make some extra money!
5	I quit smoking maybe twice a month. I want to quit for forever. [SEP] Smoking is pretty bad for everyone. [SEP] I know. I can't make it a whole day though.	I know. I can't make it a whole day though.	You have to try, it could change your life.
1	I found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. Talk about blast from the past! Such good memories! [SEP] Wow what kind of toys did you find [SEP] A bunch of star wars toys and some legos as well!	A bunch of star wars toys and some legos as well!	THe nostalgia must have been so good!
4	I know Alabama will win the SEC again.	I know Alabama will win the SEC again.	Sorry. What's SEC?
4	My dog isn't feeling well	My dog isn't feeling well	I'm sorry to hear that.  Will you dog be okay?
7	Got my reiki master class done with two years ago and finally got my massage table but now I'm anxious about finding my first customer.. [SEP] I can imagine. Just be cool and do as you have been taught! [SEP] Yes that's pretty much the same thing my teacher told me. She said you can't mess up reiki.	Yes that's pretty much the same thing my teacher told me. She said you can't mess up reiki.	Yes just have faith in yourself and your abilities! 
8	We were having a big family gathering and dinner today, and one of my nephews, who's four, wasn't feeling well. But his parents kept trying to force him to eat something anyway, and were being short-sighted. Well, the poor fella ended up puking onto his plate and ending everyone's appetite. [SEP] I feel sorr for the poor guy! [SEP] Yeah, me too! I tried to comfort him afterwards. There's only so much you can do. No one was brave enough to chastise the parents for trying to get him to eat more than he should.	Yeah, me too! I tried to comfort him afterwards. There's only so much you can do. No one was brave enough to chastise the parents for trying to get him to eat more than he should.	Yea, they're his parents. I can imagine everyone being hesitant about telling them what not to do with their own child.
4	I bumped into some of my old high school friends randomly the other night.  We spent a lot of time talking and catching up [SEP] I bet that was nice [SEP] yea it was great! but ever since then ive just been thinking about the old times and some people from my past and wondering what they are up to	yea it was great! but ever since then ive just been thinking about the old times and some people from my past and wondering what they are up to	I am happy for you
4	My father in law was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer over 18 years ago now. [SEP] Aw, dang, sounds like he is battling it very well though! [SEP] No, he did pass away about 9 months after the diagnosis.  I tried to help care for him, but we had to call hospice in eventually.  There are some angels that work for hospice.	No, he did pass away about 9 months after the diagnosis.  I tried to help care for him, but we had to call hospice in eventually.  There are some angels that work for hospice.	Ouch, I'm very sorry for your loss! You did your best, and I'm sure he is in heaven now looking over you!
7	I have to teach an in-service class at work next week. I am feeling a bit uneasy about doing it.	I have to teach an in-service class at work next week. I am feeling a bit uneasy about doing it.	OK,  calm down,  take a deep breath and relax 
1	My friends put together the best party for me.	My friends put together the best party for me.	That was nice of them
2	I just found out that my sister in law is pregnant which is so exciting, but she has had a miscarriage before so I'm just trying to stay positive for her and I know things will go well.	I just found out that my sister in law is pregnant which is so exciting, but she has had a miscarriage before so I'm just trying to stay positive for her and I know things will go well.	That is exciting! I hope everything goes well.
1	Our daughters are growing up so fast on us. They are now 18 and almost 16.  I think you blink and the years just fly by. [SEP] Yes i agree.  I have 3 boys and they are in their twenties. I don't know where the years went. [SEP] I'm slowly learning that life is all about changing and it's changing more rapidly than I'd like.  I catch myself on a daily basis remembering things that have already gone on by.	I'm slowly learning that life is all about changing and it's changing more rapidly than I'd like.  I catch myself on a daily basis remembering things that have already gone on by.	That's so true! I have a theory that time is just a way to keep everything from happening at once. 
6	I deeply love my wife [SEP] How long have you been married? [SEP] 12 years.The best years of my life.	12 years.The best years of my life.	Do you have any children?
1	I saw a woman blow her nose in to her shirt. [SEP] Oh gross! That must have been disgusting to see. [SEP] It was very gross to witness!	It was very gross to witness!	Wow, I can only imagine what other gross things she does.
8	I think I am ready to leave my current job, I have done my research and I could afford to make the leap [SEP] You should do it.  [SEP] I think I will, I hope I can succeed 	I think I will, I hope I can succeed 	You can if you believe in yourself. but you will never know unless you try
6	I feel alone tonight! It's hard to put your foot down and give tough love.	I feel alone tonight! It's hard to put your foot down and give tough love.	What happened
6	Someone has knocked on my door in the middle of the night the past two nights. It is kind startling and scary.	Someone has knocked on my door in the middle of the night the past two nights. It is kind startling and scary.	Did they knock and leave?
5	My sister actually paid my back on time last week [SEP] Well, that's good. Did she borrow money from you? [SEP] she always does and never pays it back on time. But this time she did	she always does and never pays it back on time. But this time she did	Perhaps she's turned over a new leaf. It's very good of you to lend her money, even if she is your sister.
1	I saw a giant flying roach on the front porch. [SEP] How big was it? [SEP] More than an inch long.	More than an inch long.	That
5	I get so envious of rich people [SEP] Me too, I like to see them as inspiration [SEP] I just want to buy things sometimes lol	I just want to buy things sometimes lol	If you work hard enough maybe you can afford in the future!
8	"I am so proud about myself. I just got promoted at my firm. [SEP] Good job! I am sure that took a lot of hard work! [SEP] You have no idea. I have been waiting 3 years for that promotion.	You have no idea. I have been waiting 3 years for that promotion.	I am sure that was stressful that whole time
5	My friend has this habit of getting too drunk and losing her mind on every vacation we go on. I'm thinking about canceling the one we have planned in a few weeks. [SEP] You should to them before you do that [SEP] Maybe but it will turn into a fight	Maybe but it will turn into a fight	Well maybe should be civil
5	My husband is wanting to take a job in another state. [SEP] Is it a really good job? [SEP] It is, but not much different than what he already has and I just don't know if it's a good idea to make the move right now. I don't want to uproot our kids.	It is, but not much different than what he already has and I just don't know if it's a good idea to make the move right now. I don't want to uproot our kids.	Maybe you should tell him that?
8	I can't wait to go on vacation this fall [SEP] where are you going , im excited for you [SEP] I'll be going to Nara, Japan this time.	I'll be going to Nara, Japan this time.	wow my friend at work was born in japan , she married a u.s. solder then moved here 
6	I recently bought a lotto ticket and won $50!	I recently bought a lotto ticket and won $50!	That is awesome.  I love gambling.  Was it a scratch off?  Pick 3?
4	I got some bad news yesterday...my grandmother was admitted to the hospital for cancer.	I got some bad news yesterday...my grandmother was admitted to the hospital for cancer.	Sorry for the bad news.
6	i was mad when i couldnt leave work on time [SEP] Was there too much work? [SEP] the work just kept piling up as the day went on	the work just kept piling up as the day went on	Did you get any help?
0	So, last year my parents got me a shotgun for Christmas. I was so stoked! [SEP] Wow, that's interesting. What do you do with it? [SEP] I take it up to my cabin in Michigan and hunt a bunch of small woodland critters! I like to think of myself as the hunter from Bambi.	I take it up to my cabin in Michigan and hunt a bunch of small woodland critters! I like to think of myself as the hunter from Bambi.	Oh no- Well I am the opposite. I rescue bambi and small critters :)
4	Once at a swimming competition, I had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people [SEP] Oh my goodness, that must have been humiliating.  What did you do? [SEP] I ran to the dressing room as fast as possible. At least I placed 3rd? Haha [SEP] Did it happen after you got out of the pool? [SEP] Yeah, I didn't realize till I got out of the water	Yeah, I didn't realize till I got out of the water	I am so sorry that happened to you.
3	My cat decided to scratch my face as I was trying to give him a bath [SEP] Oh, I've been there! I looked like a person who cut when I used to give a lot of cat baths! Did you clean it right away? (cat scratch fever) [SEP] I did. I was afraid it might have something in it as he tends to run around outside a lot. That's all I need lol	I did. I was afraid it might have something in it as he tends to run around outside a lot. That's all I need lol	It isn't too bad, mild cold symptoms usually for a few days, I hope its ok! Do you cut his nails or put nail caps on? Good for bath time.
6	this guy cut me off today and we were in traffic	this guy cut me off today and we were in traffic	What did you do?
7	I am really in shock  [SEP] Shock? Uh oh, what happened? Is everything okay? [SEP] Yes its actually great! I got into college. 	Yes its actually great! I got into college. 	Ohhh... That makes more sense. Well, congratulations. That's a defining point in people's lives. I hope you have a great experience.
0	I really miss my old house sometimes	I really miss my old house sometimes	I know the feeling. Why did you move
2	My sister threw a party for me a few months ago. [SEP] That's nice of her.  What was the occasion? [SEP] My bridal shower. I thought I was just going over to have dinner there.	My bridal shower. I thought I was just going over to have dinner there.	Ha that's nice of her! Well if you haven't had your wedding yet, I hope it turns out super nice!
8	I am feeling disappointed with myself. [SEP] Why is that? [SEP] I lied to my boss and a co-worker got blamed for my mistake.	I lied to my boss and a co-worker got blamed for my mistake.	Oh that's so bad. But, at least you realized your mistake. You are a good person.
8	I'm really looking forward to the weekend. I'm finally getting to go to the beach this summer. 	I'm really looking forward to the weekend. I'm finally getting to go to the beach this summer. 	i love the becah, im there every weekend
6	I walked across the stage at graduation. All of my family and friends were there. [SEP] They must of been so proud. [SEP] I had three bouquets of flowers waiting for me. I was shocked. [SEP] Who gave them to you? [SEP] My mom and my grandparents.	My mom and my grandparents.	Who got them for you?
5	Yesterday I bought a croissant inn the bakery and when I paid they gave me the wrong change. [SEP] Wow thats annoying.  but I hope they gave you more than you were supposed to get back [SEP] Not the worst part is that cashier insisted I had given her $10 when I was sure it was $20. [SEP] Wow thats annoying.  but I hope they gave you more than you were supposed to get back [SEP] I had to speak to the manger to get my money back.	I had to speak to the manger to get my money back.	You should call and ask to speak to the manager.  Maybe they will give you something to make up for it
6	I finished my final semester of college today! [SEP] Congratulations! Do you feel relieved to be done with school? [SEP] I do! Now the tough job hunt begins...and the mountain of student loan payments...	I do! Now the tough job hunt begins...and the mountain of student loan payments...	What did you study?
5	MY best friend said she was staying home last weekend. [SEP] was there a reason why? [SEP] She was lying. Someone tagged her in photos from a party. I don't know why she didnt invite me	She was lying. Someone tagged her in photos from a party. I don't know why she didnt invite me	maybe it was closed event. you speak to her about it?
7	I enjoy looking at old pictures and remebering past memories [SEP] I do too. It always brings back so many good memories. [SEP] Yeah it's nice looking back	Yeah it's nice looking back	Yes it is. Sometimes I wish you could just go back to that time.
5	I applied to a few jobs, and I was interviewed for the one I was most interested in. I haven't heard back from them though, so I don't think I got the jobl	I applied to a few jobs, and I was interviewed for the one I was most interested in. I haven't heard back from them though, so I don't think I got the jobl	Stay positive, you never know. Maybe send them a polite email saying thank you for the interview and things you liked about the company.
6	This weekend, I'm going to a concert for one of my favorite bands!	This weekend, I'm going to a concert for one of my favorite bands!	Neat! What typeof music is the concert for?
0	Man. This printer is GETTING ON MY NERVES!!	Man. This printer is GETTING ON MY NERVES!!	I know right, some printers are just terrible.
8	I hasd such a sad day yesterday helping support my friend with a dying pet. It was so sads. [SEP] Im sorry to hear that, how old was the pet? [SEP] Thats the good part she was 17 and lived a great life thankfully. Its still hard tho.	Thats the good part she was 17 and lived a great life thankfully. Its still hard tho.	Yeah that is pretty old for a animal but that is life i guess
1	I am so mad! I took my car in to the dealership for an oil change and find out I need new brakes! They want to charge me $800 for just the rear brakes!	I am so mad! I took my car in to the dealership for an oil change and find out I need new brakes! They want to charge me $800 for just the rear brakes!	That is insane.  You might want to take it elsewhere.
8	There is a drug dealer selling drugs in my building. I am very afraid when I have to get out or in. [SEP] That would make me SO angry. What kind of drugs is it? I would make sure the police took him out. [SEP] The police doesn't come in my neighborhood. They are too afraid to come.	The police doesn't come in my neighborhood. They are too afraid to come.	Well I have the same issue..they aren't afraid..they're just corrupt..but I just yell at those people myself. I don't put up with the ghetto corrupt crap
5	My dog loves to hide whenever she has to poop or pee. So I always find hidden treasures around my apartment and boy is it gross! [SEP] Sounds gross lol [SEP] It's always a surprise haha. I call the poop le shrimp because it curves like a shrimp scallop scampi. Oh baby!	It's always a surprise haha. I call the poop le shrimp because it curves like a shrimp scallop scampi. Oh baby!	Omg. You should take your dog to an obedience school.
7	I will be meeting my mom again after she went missing for 30 years. Meeting her soon, and I'm not sure if she still loves me or not. [SEP] That is amazing! A parent will always love their children regardless of past decisions. How did you find her? [SEP] I searched for her on the Internet for the past 20 years. Finally, 6 months ago, her address came up in an Internet search for the first time!	I searched for her on the Internet for the past 20 years. Finally, 6 months ago, her address came up in an Internet search for the first time!	That is truly amazing! I wish you the best of luck! And I am sure she loves you still!
2	So thankful for good friends [SEP] It's always nice to have some good friends. [SEP] It is.  I hope you have friends that are good	It is.  I hope you have friends that are good	I do have a few really good ones. 
8	I ate a whole gallon of ice cream by myself in one sitting and now I'm not feeling too happy.	I ate a whole gallon of ice cream by myself in one sitting and now I'm not feeling too happy.	Oh, I could do that if I didn't have bad teeth and can't handle the cold. I would regret it if I did though because I really need to lose some weight.
0	I would never cheat on my wife like my brother cheated on his wife	I would never cheat on my wife like my brother cheated on his wife	whoa yeah thats awful, i wouldnt either
8	I need to learn to be more calm and understand that there around people around me who love me and are supporting me.	I need to learn to be more calm and understand that there around people around me who love me and are supporting me.	Yea, sometimes we take those who care about us for granted.
5	I have booked a cruise ride for me and the wife. I have bad intuition something going to happen 	I have booked a cruise ride for me and the wife. I have bad intuition something going to happen 	Maybe you shouldn't go then.
7	I knew I was going to get into a school that I wanted. I just worked hard for it to happen	I knew I was going to get into a school that I wanted. I just worked hard for it to happen	That's awesome! Congratulations! Are you in college?
3	I stole candy from the candy store yesterday. [SEP] did you feel like being spontaneous or just did it for the thrill of it [SEP] I just did it because I wanted some candy, but now I feel kinda bad about it.	I just did it because I wanted some candy, but now I feel kinda bad about it.	next time you go in, put the money of the candy into one of those charity cans
8	I embarassed myself in front my class in high school once. [SEP] What happened? [SEP] I called my teacher mama/ It was crazy.	I called my teacher mama/ It was crazy.	It is ok. If the teacher was not angry, it should be fine.
0	i maxed out all my cards last christmas season, i am so dissapointed by myself [SEP] You're not alone I've got a bunch of debt to pay off [SEP] Its a part of life no matter how you tried to avoid it	Its a part of life no matter how you tried to avoid it	For now I just sweep it under the rug and pretend like it doesn't exist. So after that point my life is pretty much perfect
4	I am going to the doctor monday. I hope everything is okay [SEP] what do you think is wrong? [SEP] I have just been feeling really tired lately. Low energy and the vitamins arent helping	I have just been feeling really tired lately. Low energy and the vitamins arent helping	ah i am sorry for that! hoping for the best!
4	I stubbed my toe last night [SEP] Ouch! Are you okay? [SEP] yea just a tad mad about it	yea just a tad mad about it	I'm so sorry!
0	I just made a huge move across the country , and I don't know if it was the right choice.	I just made a huge move across the country , and I don't know if it was the right choice.	Oh thats scary. I've been there. Just give it some time to feel right. Home is where ever you want it to be.
6	Working in another country for a year. Going to save up to marry my girlfriend	Working in another country for a year. Going to save up to marry my girlfriend	I have always wanted to work abroad. What work are you doing there?
5	I am feeling an intense fear these days. [SEP] first way to overcome it is to figure out the reason for the fear [SEP] I know the reason. I found a mole on my back and I am afraid it's cancer	I know the reason. I found a mole on my back and I am afraid it's cancer	I think you have to go for a check up first before you can conclude. It might be a harmless mole
5	My cubicle neighbor at work really bothers me. He eats all day long and is always chewing loud foods with his mouth open! I can barely think with him chomping like a cow!	My cubicle neighbor at work really bothers me. He eats all day long and is always chewing loud foods with his mouth open! I can barely think with him chomping like a cow!	I hate that. That's one of my biggest pet peeves. That's such an awkward situation, because you don't want to come off as high maintenance and ask them to stop, but it'd be so easy for them to have better manners, too. I wish I had better advice. Maybe go to HR?
6	I am watching the last season of game of thrones	I am watching the last season of game of thrones	thats awesome. dont spoil anything, okay? :D
1	This girl just left her Iphone with me. She doesn't even know me [SEP] Woah, did she say she was coming back? She's awfully trusting. [SEP] Yea, she's coming back. I'm not gonna do anything with it, but someone else could easily just walk off with it.	Yea, she's coming back. I'm not gonna do anything with it, but someone else could easily just walk off with it.	Totally, and I bet most people would walk off with it. I have no faith in humanity.
5	I'm supposed to be on a diet, but today I ate a bunch of Hershey's Kisses. [SEP] Ah, couldn't resist? Just make up and eat well tomorrow! [SEP] Absolutely. I don't know why I even have them in the house. 	Absolutely. I don't know why I even have them in the house. 	Yeah, you should hide them at least!
3	I just spent so much money on my car and now a week later something else broke.  [SEP] That's terrible.. There's nothing more frustrating and deflating in life than unexpected expenses. I hope you're able to cover all of it. I know if I had one right now, I might not be able to manage it. [SEP] I honestly don't know where to get money to fix it, i'll probably try to fix it by myself	I honestly don't know where to get money to fix it, i'll probably try to fix it by myself	I hope you can. If you think there's even a chance, then give it a shot, if it will save you that much money. My brother watches Youtube videos all the time of how to fix random things, and it seems to work for him. If you're the type of person that can learn that way, and if you have the patience, then I think it's a good thing to try.
1	MY kids are a real blessing [SEP] How old are they? [SEP] 4 and 5. They calmed me down because I was a real party animal lol	4 and 5. They calmed me down because I was a real party animal lol	It's always nice to have a balance in life
4	A friend of mine died Thursday and I hadn't called her in about in a month	A friend of mine died Thursday and I hadn't called her in about in a month	That's terrible! I'm really sorry to hear that, but even if you could have said something it doesn't just make it better.
8	I was cleaning my garage and a huge spider crawled on to me! I am super scared of spiders! [SEP] Oh I do not like spiders either!  What did you do? [SEP] I basically screamed like a little girl and jumped!	I basically screamed like a little girl and jumped!	I'd probably have done the exact same thing - then called for my husband or one of my daughters to kill it!!
5	We had a meeting with a potential client, and guess what. I forgot to inform my co-worker about it. Feel bad for being a reason he missed the opportunity [SEP] I am sure there will be another chance. [SEP] I hope so, but he was very disappointed in me and i do not think our relationship will be the same ever again	I hope so, but he was very disappointed in me and i do not think our relationship will be the same ever again	Maybe you should buy him lunch to make a peace offering.
3	I was crossing a wet road and slipped. I fell with a thud right on my rear end [SEP] Oh no. How is your butt now? [SEP] Very funny. All I could do is sit there and laugh.	Very funny. All I could do is sit there and laugh.	hahaha I hope you recover soon.
8	I hate it when my internet cuts off and starts slowing down. It bugs me out so much, maybe it's time to upgrade ISP. [SEP] Ugh, I am with you on that. Mine has been doing that all week. It's so annoying and it costs even more to switch to someone else [SEP] I know right. I usually try disconnecting and reconnecting it but it doesn't do anything. I need to find a cheaper ISP.	I know right. I usually try disconnecting and reconnecting it but it doesn't do anything. I need to find a cheaper ISP.	Sometimes resetting the modem & router helps. But, it won't do much if the ISP isn't good to begin with. Careful with going too cheap, though, you might end up worse
6	I have a presentation soon. I always get nervous talking in front of people	I have a presentation soon. I always get nervous talking in front of people	I do too! Do you feel like you are prepared?
8	I once kept a notebook in which I wrote down how my friends would die. [SEP] Wow. You were either very imaginative or upset. [SEP] Actually, it's a concept from the anime "deathnote". Anyway, I was only 12 and copying a TV show, but my parents found it and thought I was troubled!	Actually, it's a concept from the anime "deathnote". Anyway, I was only 12 and copying a TV show, but my parents found it and thought I was troubled!	Thought that reminded me of Death Note, but I think L only focused on criminals.
4	My armadillo passed away today...RIP Adolph.	My armadillo passed away today...RIP Adolph.	I'm sorry to hear that. Adolph must've had a happy life though.
6	Another one of my friends is getting married.	Another one of my friends is getting married.	That is terrible, have you told him how bad that will be?
5	man I feel kind of bad for something that I did [SEP] What did you do? [SEP] my gf sent me some....photos, and I showed my mate a couple of them....	my gf sent me some....photos, and I showed my mate a couple of them....	Dang! Maybe you can send me some too
5	I robbed my coworker wallet last week. I feel bad about it. I needed the money for my addiction to drugs. [SEP] That's not good!  Have you considered going to rehab? [SEP] I have try that but I didn't work for me. I feel like my addiction is stronger than me.	I have try that but I didn't work for me. I feel like my addiction is stronger than me.	Maybe a different facility could help?  Addiction isn't something you can deal with by yourself. 
5	I miss when my kids were younger. They wanted to spend a lot of time with me. Now they are too old for that stuff.	I miss when my kids were younger. They wanted to spend a lot of time with me. Now they are too old for that stuff.	Well, kids eventually grow and become independent. Maybe you can try and go fishing with them or something? Or a family picnic?
5	Hi! Have you been to a rodeo?	Hi! Have you been to a rodeo?	No! I think that should be on my bucket list though.
4	Tomorrow, I will be evicted from my appartment. I don't know what to do. [SEP] Oh no :(  I hope there's someone you can stay with [SEP] In time of need, my friends started running away from you. [SEP] From me?  But why lol? [SEP] from me	from me	Oh.  That sucks I'm sorry :(
8	last day ,in my office my chief scolded me very rustic way for the unnecessary reason.it was so irrirtating [SEP] Why? What happened? [SEP] my assistant took some files in a wrong table.that was a simple mistake and he scolded me for this.	my assistant took some files in a wrong table.that was a simple mistake and he scolded me for this.	Wow, what the heck. Tell your chief it was your assistant who did it
2	I had a rough time in the hospital back in march of last year. I got pretty sick and was stuck in there for a week. [SEP] So sorry to hear that. What happened? Is it something serious? [SEP] It was weird and out of the blue. I developed appendicitis and diverticulitis at the same time. My bowels tried to kill me. Just very painful mostly and I had surgery.	It was weird and out of the blue. I developed appendicitis and diverticulitis at the same time. My bowels tried to kill me. Just very painful mostly and I had surgery.	I hope the surgery went successfully and with no hassle. I had a friend who went through the same thing. Wish you all the best
6	I almost stepped on a snake today. [SEP] Did the snake try to strike at you? [SEP] No he didn't.  [SEP] I'm glad you didn't get bit! [SEP] Me too. It was venemous.	Me too. It was venemous.	Wow. What kind was it?
3	I got the news that my girlfriend's mom passed away. I have to tell her the news myself since she has no other close family. I'm dreading having to actually say it to her. [SEP] first of all my condolences for your friend, and i know how hard this is for you both [SEP] Thank you very much. It is very upsetting. [SEP] ya it feels so weak to be in that place , but you should only give the strength required for your friend to overcome this situation [SEP] I hope I'm able to. I've never really been a pillar of strength myself.	I hope I'm able to. I've never really been a pillar of strength myself.	you can do it , i pray that you both overcome this situation with peace. 
4	my cat just recently died and I am very shaken up about it.	my cat just recently died and I am very shaken up about it.	Oh, I am so sorry! I am an animal lover, too. We have two dogs now, but used to have cats, too. We did have to say goodbyes to some of our pets over years. It's heart breaking...
4	Broke up with my girlfriend last week. I don't have anyone to do stuff with anymore.	Broke up with my girlfriend last week. I don't have anyone to do stuff with anymore.	I am sorry, why did you break up?
1	My wife got a promotion yesterday!	My wife got a promotion yesterday!	That's awesome.
6	The adoption people called me about the dog we applied for. Think we're getting him!	The adoption people called me about the dog we applied for. Think we're getting him!	What dog breed is it?
1	I'm meeting with my boss tommorrow.  [SEP] how come? is everything alright? [SEP] I think so. I'm praying that they are going to give me a raise!	I think so. I'm praying that they are going to give me a raise!	that would be great. i'm hoping all goes well with you.
8	You know what I tried the other night?	You know what I tried the other night?	No, tell me about it!
4	I trust my wife deeply [SEP] Do you? You should trust her, that's what marriage is about! [SEP] I was engaged to a woman who cheated on me.	I was engaged to a woman who cheated on me.	That's awful, I'm sorry.
2	My friend just gave me a ticket to a sold out show tonight. He kept it a secret from me for two weeks. I had no idea. [SEP] You have an amazing friend! [SEP] Its my birthday too. I didnt think I would be able to go. 	Its my birthday too. I didnt think I would be able to go. 	Well that's awesome! I bet you will have a great time
6	My daughter is great. [SEP] Why do you think that? [SEP] She was just accepted to Harvard.	She was just accepted to Harvard.	What will be her major?
7	I graduated and feel so happy. It feels great knowing it's over. [SEP] That must be such a relief! [SEP] It is! I had some moments where I thought about quitting. 	It is! I had some moments where I thought about quitting. 	In a way, it is actually just the beginning.
0	I can't stand trump.He is a disgrace to the presidency of the USA [SEP] holddddd up.. he is making america great again [SEP] America was great before him and it will be greater after he left the presidency	America was great before him and it will be greater after he left the presidency	i dont know about all that 
4	My new dog who was starved is getting a bit on my nerves today. I am just a little cranky today and she is finally having energy and being a handful	My new dog who was starved is getting a bit on my nerves today. I am just a little cranky today and she is finally having energy and being a handful	I am so sorry to hear about your dog, did you rescue her?
3	Recently heard that my father was laid off from his job. He's retirement age anyway, but I felt bad for him, as that must have been, at the very least, slightly humiliating. He's been a hard worker for 40 years, and has done well to support the family. But I do worry for him in the short-term.	Recently heard that my father was laid off from his job. He's retirement age anyway, but I felt bad for him, as that must have been, at the very least, slightly humiliating. He's been a hard worker for 40 years, and has done well to support the family. But I do worry for him in the short-term.	Oh that's awful!  I hope he is going to be okay.  Did they lay him off with severence or anything?
4	I was upset when my parents told me we would be moving, we went all the way to florida	I was upset when my parents told me we would be moving, we went all the way to florida	Oh sorry to hear that.. Don't you like florida?
2	I felt good about my job interview, I think that I have a good chance to get the job	I felt good about my job interview, I think that I have a good chance to get the job	Whoop Whoop! That's awesome! I hope you get the job.
7	I feel very protective of the new dog I got in. She was very abused and is just a puppy!  [SEP] Thats a sad thing to hear [SEP] She is so docile, and was so starved, I can't help but feel extra protective of her.	She is so docile, and was so starved, I can't help but feel extra protective of her.	Thats good of you
8	I felt so ashamed when I farted in a mall [SEP] Thats aweful! [SEP] My friends were there, even my crush. It was so loud	My friends were there, even my crush. It was so loud	Uhmnnn!
4	I was so happy I graduated High School. I didn't think I would make it!  [SEP] I am sure that was a good day for you [SEP] It really was. I was overcome with joy!	It really was. I was overcome with joy!	I am happy for you
2	I didn't receive a cashback offer on purchasing the item. [SEP] Were you supposed to? [SEP] Yeah. I contacted them but they aren't responding.	Yeah. I contacted them but they aren't responding.	I hope they get it figured out for you. How frustrating. 
8	Hey i went ot the pound today. [SEP] Did you adopt an animal [SEP] Yea but i wanted all of them. They were all so cute and nice. I felt bad for them.	Yea but i wanted all of them. They were all so cute and nice. I felt bad for them.	I feel all for those poor animals and want to adopt all of them
6	I was so excited when my niece was born. I got to be in the room for everything.  [SEP] wow, that is such a special occasion!what a gift [SEP] y	y	because you witnessed it.
6	My nephew starts 10th grade this year	My nephew starts 10th grade this year	Ohhhh sophomore year can be tough. How do you feel about that?
4	I was scared when I went home alone the other day	I was scared when I went home alone the other day	Oh I am sorry to hear that. Are you normally frightened to go home alone?
3	Last summer I stayed with a friend as I was nearly broke.  I went the store to get food and got back $20 extra in change from the cashier and ended up keeping the money. [SEP] Oh wow, so it was extra money that was not yours? [SEP] Yeah so her drawer was short. I realized it later not while she gave me the change so that helped me justify keeping it.	Yeah so her drawer was short. I realized it later not while she gave me the change so that helped me justify keeping it.	I hope she didn't get in trouble for being short $20. 
8	When we were kids, my older sister pretended to abandon me at the mall because I was being a brat. [SEP] Oh no, I had a older cousin who did that to me as well. Hopefully she was just giving you tough love or discipline. [SEP] Yeah, I definitely deserved it LOL.  I never acted like that again with her!	Yeah, I definitely deserved it LOL.  I never acted like that again with her!	Yeah it really teaches you! I would always sit down where i was and start crying.
4	My roommate just moved away. Now I am in a one bedroom but I miss having someone around.	My roommate just moved away. Now I am in a one bedroom but I miss having someone around.	sorry to hear that , try and keep busy or find a hobby eventually you will get over it, its just gonna take a bit of time
4	everyone around me was pointing and laughing. I think I saw a couple of smartphones whip out and people taking pictures  [SEP] What really happened? [SEP] I slipped and fell at walmart. while wearing a skirt with no panties. 	I slipped and fell at walmart. while wearing a skirt with no panties. 	Oh,so sorry about that
7	I was at the gym today and some guy pumped out like 50 pull ups. [SEP] That is pretty impressive [SEP] Yeah, the guy was built like the Incredible Hulk. 	Yeah, the guy was built like the Incredible Hulk. 	I wish I could look like that
3	My wife has been cheating on me, worst yet is that it was with my best friend of 20 years. [SEP] Wow sounds like what i just seen on the news in NC... im so sorry !!  [SEP] Thank you for the sentiment.  I have a great support system to help me through this.	Thank you for the sentiment.  I have a great support system to help me through this.	thats always important to have and i am glad you have that 
8	I hate telemarketers. They call me all the time and I can't stand it! [SEP] Oh I know, they are so annoying. You should try the Do Not Call list. [SEP] I do but they still call me. Frustrating!	I do but they still call me. Frustrating!	Well if they violate it they will have to pay you some money. May be good to contact a lawyer!
2	I cant wait for this weekend. Me and some friend are going camping for my birthday. Its going to be so much fun. [SEP] Oh, I bet that is going to be fun [SEP] Yea I cant wait. I have really been looking forward to it.	Yea I cant wait. I have really been looking forward to it.	I hope you have fun then
6	My cat pooped on the carpet the other day. I was so mad!	My cat pooped on the carpet the other day. I was so mad!	That's disgusting! Why are cats so rude?
6	I miss my childhood friends. We were so close and always playing together. [SEP] I miss mine too. Where did you guys grow up? [SEP] We grew in Hochelaga, Montreal. Some of them moved to another city or country.	We grew in Hochelaga, Montreal. Some of them moved to another city or country.	Canada is such a beautiful country. Was there a lot of things to do there for you kids?
7	We submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. It would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	We submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. It would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	I wish you the best of luck on your proposal and the possibility of it becoming a reality.
1	I am so jittery over starting my new job tomorrow.	I am so jittery over starting my new job tomorrow.	New jobs nerves is pretty normal. Get a good rest!
5	I was going through my attic and found some of my old childhood toys	I was going through my attic and found some of my old childhood toys	You must be feeling nostalgic, maybe your kids will enjoy them
8	I'm not a greedy person.  But free cash is always a pleasant surprise. It gives me peace of mind to know that my bills will be paid and I have one less worry in my mind. [SEP] is there anything like free cash? [SEP] Nope	Nope	i had that nothing good come easily
6	I was able to hang out with friends at dinner last night after a long week at work.	I was able to hang out with friends at dinner last night after a long week at work.	That sounds so fun and relaxing! Did you enjoy yourself?
2	I was content when I found out that I had passed a class in college [SEP] Cool. Congratulations [SEP] THank you so much, it was a great feeling	THank you so much, it was a great feeling	I still have two years left. I hope to have that feeling too.
5	I keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. 	I keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. 	Oh no, he's probably lost. Maybe you should take him in and feed him.
3	I accidentally overdrafted my bank account and now don't have enough money to pay the fee or my bills. I'm scared of what could happen [SEP] I have been there, my friend. But, the good news is, if you aren't typically late for your bills, the utilities companies will often cut you a break. [SEP] Are you sure? I guess I will need to make some phone calls.	Are you sure? I guess I will need to make some phone calls.	I am positive! I have been late before for the very same reason. Don't even need to make phone calls - they just give you a small late fee and that's it. I wouldn't go making it a habit, though.
3	She ran her mouth to everyone.  I was surprised [SEP] Yeah I hate when people do that. It can ruin things. [SEP] Makes me so angry.  Especially when it is supposed to be a good friend	Makes me so angry.  Especially when it is supposed to be a good friend	Friends come and go in life, it's up to you to determine if you want to reconcile with this person or not.
6	So i did some stupid things when i was younger. But i feel bad about one of them to this day. [SEP] Oh no, what did you do? [SEP] I stole 50 bucks from my brothers wallet. He was going to use it on a date. Girl never called him back.	I stole 50 bucks from my brothers wallet. He was going to use it on a date. Girl never called him back.	Oh no!  Does he know you did it or did you never tell him?  Yeah, we all have things we regret, its how we move forward and resolve the situation that matters.
7	I was anticipating when I applied to colleg [SEP] When are you going to find out your acceptance?  [SEP] I already did, I was accepted!	I already did, I was accepted!	Oh, congratulations! Which college? 
4	I was walking my motorcycle out of a parking spot a couple of weeks ago and accidentally laid it on its side. I felt humiliated, especially since there were a bunch of people that saw me drop it.	I was walking my motorcycle out of a parking spot a couple of weeks ago and accidentally laid it on its side. I felt humiliated, especially since there were a bunch of people that saw me drop it.	that stinks i'm sorry
4	I just got laid off from my job! I am floored! This will destroy me!	I just got laid off from my job! I am floored! This will destroy me!	I am so sorry to hear that! Have you already filed for unemployment?
4	I get sad when I think about my parents. They have been gone for a few years now	I get sad when I think about my parents. They have been gone for a few years now	Sorry to hear that what do you do to try and stay enlighten and happy when thinking of them?
0	I won a car in a contest recently.  [SEP] That's awesome! What kind of car is it? [SEP] It is a chevy malibu. What a great feeling	It is a chevy malibu. What a great feeling	Yeah, I'm jealous. You're so lucky!
5	I just ordered a really nice chair online it should arrive tomorrow,	I just ordered a really nice chair online it should arrive tomorrow,	What kind of chair is it? A lounging chair, or maybe  a computer desk chair?
2	My sister is pregnant!  I can't believe I'm going to have another niece or nephew [SEP] That is pretty exciting :) do you have kids of your own [SEP] I have a son, he's one.  I also have one niece and one nephew already	I have a son, he's one.  I also have one niece and one nephew already	Nice looks like you're gonna be racking up some babysitting hours..lol hope you're ready 
3	I was talking to this girl, we had amazing chemistry and then she ghosted.	I was talking to this girl, we had amazing chemistry and then she ghosted.	That's unfortunate. I have experienced similar things. I hope that she comes back around.
1	it was such a joy [SEP] What was a joy? [SEP] to see a boy walk along	to see a boy walk along	I see, you must have felt very happy about it!
6	my brother got to see one of my favorite bands i wish i could have went	my brother got to see one of my favorite bands i wish i could have went	Aww that's good for him though!  Who was the band?
1	I'm a teacher.  School starts back for me in two weeks. [SEP] Oh boy, I guess you'll have your hands full. [SEP] Hard to tell how the class will be, that makes me a bit nervous.	Hard to tell how the class will be, that makes me a bit nervous.	I could understand that. I don't like crowds so lol.
8	It warms my heart to have my parents to have such a good relationship with my kids [SEP] It's great that your kids are having such a great relationship with their grandparents. [SEP] It really is.  Does your family live close to you?	It really is.  Does your family live close to you?	Yea, they do, but they're getting old. Makes me scared.
3	Next week I'm leaving the company I've worked for for 3 years and taking a totally new position at a new company. I'm nervous!  [SEP] Thats awesome, never settle for less. Always strive for more! [SEP] Yes this is definitely an upgrade! I'm just going to be the "new" person and I really do like my current co-workers. 	Yes this is definitely an upgrade! I'm just going to be the "new" person and I really do like my current co-workers. 	Well hopefully you can still maintain communication with them. It's normal to be nervous though, just go in confident
0	what do you want to here	what do you want to here	Well, you are supposed to tell me about something that made you feel a certain way.  Please share.
2	I was pretty irritated in traffic this morning. [SEP] Was traffic particulary bad this morning? [SEP] It was real bad	It was real bad	Ugh, I hate when traffic is like that!  We live near Atlanta and it's always so bad.
8	I blamed my oldest son for losing my headphones but I found out later I was the one that lost them. [SEP] Was he using it or something? Why did you think it was him, and how did you find out it was you? [SEP] Because he loses everything! And I figured out it was me because I stuck them in my secret spot. [SEP] You have a secret spot for your headphones. Are they super expensive?  [SEP] I have a secret spot for stuff I don't want my kids to find and break lol [SEP] I have zero kids. I break stuff all the time.  [SEP] Ha Ha you're kind of like a kid then lol	Ha Ha you're kind of like a kid then lol	No just ridiculously careless.
7	I let my cousin borrow my phone to play games and he lost it!	I let my cousin borrow my phone to play games and he lost it!	That is not good
2	It was my birthday and my friends sent me birthday cards in the mail. I received all of them but not the one who contained a gift card. i'm so angry about it [SEP] Ugh, oh no.... is there someway you can have the person who sent it call the gift card to see what can be done?  [SEP] I don't want to bother her about it. but i did call usps and they will investigate it	I don't want to bother her about it. but i did call usps and they will investigate it	True true, well im glad they are looking into it for you. I hope they find it! 
7	I've decided to ask the girl of my dreams to marry me.  I'm sure she will say yes. [SEP] That's great! Congratulations! That's exciting, and I'm sure if you're confident she will, then she will! [SEP] I do feel confident about it.  We haven't met in person yet, but she is coming to visit me in Nigeria tom	I do feel confident about it.  We haven't met in person yet, but she is coming to visit me in Nigeria tom	Oh, okay. Well, that is a bit different, but good luck!
8	My dog is on his last legs.:( [SEP] Sorry to hear that. It must be sad for you but remember he will always be with you in  your heart [SEP] It is. I am more scared of what i'll do after he is gone. He is a big part of me.	It is. I am more scared of what i'll do after he is gone. He is a big part of me.	Once you're ready, adopt a dog from the shelter in his honor. 
1	I get married in 3.5 weeks!!!	I get married in 3.5 weeks!!!	Whoa congrats. You must be very excited.
6	I met a South Korean living in Argentina. He spoke perfect Spanish. Turns out hes fleeing the draft.	I met a South Korean living in Argentina. He spoke perfect Spanish. Turns out hes fleeing the draft.	Did you find out why he was fleeing the draft?
6	I miss my old dog, I was thinking about getting another one but I'm not sure.	I miss my old dog, I was thinking about getting another one but I'm not sure.	How long has it been since you had your old dog?
8	When my wife buys food, I eat all of the cookies before she can get any of them. [SEP] That isn't nice. [SEP] It is not, and I feel bad about it every single time.	It is not, and I feel bad about it every single time.	You should not do that anymore.
5	My neighbor passed away a few days ago. She was a nice older lady who'd always greet me when I saw her in the hall. Didn't know her that well, but she seemed lonely. I feel kind of bad for not getting to know her better when she was still alive [SEP] Thats really sad.  Im sorry to hear that.  Getting old stinks.  I feel bad when I see someone who seems really lonely [SEP] I know! I think she was just a widow and most of her friends had passed away, or something. I felt like I should have gotten closer to her, but I also didn't want to intrude. I don't know, that's probably just a lame excuse. It would have been easy enough for me to do	I know! I think she was just a widow and most of her friends had passed away, or something. I felt like I should have gotten closer to her, but I also didn't want to intrude. I don't know, that's probably just a lame excuse. It would have been easy enough for me to do	Yea thats hard.  You cant do anything now, but maybe theres another neighbor that you can get close too 
7	I have a sales meeting tomorrow. I think I knew what to expect to. [SEP] Are you looking forward to it or nah? [SEP] I think I am going to do well so yes	I think I am going to do well so yes	Well good. Then good luck tomorrow and knock 'em dead!
4	I am going to the doctor monday. I hope everything is okay [SEP] what do you think is wrong? [SEP] I have just been feeling really tired lately. Low energy and the vitamins arent helping	I have just been feeling really tired lately. Low energy and the vitamins arent helping	ah i am sorry for that! hoping for the best!
1	I felt like I was living in a real live sports movie over the weekend, it was pretty cool [SEP] What happened? [SEP] My son had a soccer tournament and his team won.  The craziest part was that he scored the game winning goal.	My son had a soccer tournament and his team won.  The craziest part was that he scored the game winning goal.	That is so awesome, you must  be so proud!
0	The Olympics skaters are really good atheletes, I'm impressed	The Olympics skaters are really good atheletes, I'm impressed	Yes I agree. I love to watch them do their routines on TV.
1	I'm so humbled by all the gifts we've received for our new baby... totally was not expecting it [SEP] That is such an exciting time and really nice of everyone to do that. [SEP] Yes, we moved to a different state in the middle of my pregnancy and wasn't expecting much.	Yes, we moved to a different state in the middle of my pregnancy and wasn't expecting much.	That also helps relieve some stress off of you trying to get everything ready by yourselves.
1	Yesterday, I submitted my application for a credit card with Chase. Thankfully, I was approved and was really glad	Yesterday, I submitted my application for a credit card with Chase. Thankfully, I was approved and was really glad	That's great! You must have good credit. 
2	i cant get any sleep. i want to know if i got the job or not.	i cant get any sleep. i want to know if i got the job or not.	hope you get the job , i would feel the exact same way
1	This girl just left her Iphone with me. She doesn't even know me [SEP] Woah, did she say she was coming back? She's awfully trusting. [SEP] Yea, she's coming back. I'm not gonna do anything with it, but someone else could easily just walk off with it.	Yea, she's coming back. I'm not gonna do anything with it, but someone else could easily just walk off with it.	Totally, and I bet most people would walk off with it. I have no faith in humanity.
3	Well, my daughters have a day off from school due to our state elections. [SEP] I wish I got that many days off.  The good old days of childhood. [SEP] Yeah, it's nice for them. I like it when they're home.	Yeah, it's nice for them. I like it when they're home.	Wait until summer comes, you'll be ready for them to go back to school after a month.
5	i'm 800 miles from my family [SEP] Wow that is very far away. Do you get to visit often? [SEP] i try but money is tight	i try but money is tight	Yeah that is a bummer. Maybe one day you will live closer together.
8	I was talking to my mom one day and she was telling me that my step dad was having some heart issues. He was in the middle of a big garden project and could not finish. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that.  Do they know what the issue with his heart is.  [SEP] They ran some tests and could not pin point what was wrong so he is just taken it easy. I decided to take a weekend and go over and finish the garden. He was pretty happy about that.	They ran some tests and could not pin point what was wrong so he is just taken it easy. I decided to take a weekend and go over and finish the garden. He was pretty happy about that.	That's good. I'm glad it wasn't something urgent and he got to finish in the garden. 
8	It's rough getting older. I'm about to be 35 and I've never had a girl friend. I have a couple friends in the same boat as well. [SEP] Have you gone on dates before? [SEP] Not even once. I've never done anything intimate with anyone in my life, lol. My friends stress out about it, but I think I've come to just accept that we're not all made to find someone.	Not even once. I've never done anything intimate with anyone in my life, lol. My friends stress out about it, but I think I've come to just accept that we're not all made to find someone.	It could be that but some of my friends have said that with social media and online dating, it's harder and harder to truly connect with someone. There are a lot of people out there struggling.
8	I was so excited when my oldest daughter came home from college to visit. [SEP] proud parent right , do you miss her during the year ? [SEP] Yes, I sure do. She is so smart. Taking courses for graphic arts while working a job with her major.  [SEP] one day my child will make me proud like that [SEP] We have five two in college and two in high school and one in pre school. They all make us proud. Children are such great blessings.	We have five two in college and two in high school and one in pre school. They all make us proud. Children are such great blessings.	thats a lot of kids, god bless
6	It really sucked when I was in senior year.	It really sucked when I was in senior year.	Why was that?
7	I was the first one to graduate out of my family, it was a great feeling. 	I was the first one to graduate out of my family, it was a great feeling. 	That is a great accomplishment!  You must be very proud!  Congratulations!
5	I knew I was going to pass my bartender test last month. I studied so hard [SEP] congratulations. sounds like you aced it [SEP] I did pretty well so thanks	I did pretty well so thanks	i bet you will make a great bartender, maybe one of these days you will hook me up with a free drink
3	I want to be able to go skydiving in the future [SEP] Oh yeah me too! Even though it makes me a little nervous to think about it. [SEP] Yeah, maybe I'll do the tandem kind, where they strap you to another person	Yeah, maybe I'll do the tandem kind, where they strap you to another person	That's a good idea. I'd feel better doing it that way, at least the first time.
4	I cant wait to leave this apartment [SEP] I am sure you are looking forward to it. What don't you like about it? [SEP] Every neighbor I have had is terrible. Its like a bad luck apartment	Every neighbor I have had is terrible. Its like a bad luck apartment	Sorry about your bad luck. Glad you are getting out of that place!
8	Ye, peole are so greedy of what they dont have [SEP] Yeah, it's true....  What happened??  [SEP] Some people can kill just because of greed	Some people can kill just because of greed	I had similar situation with my friend last year
7	someone backed into me in the parking lot yesterday because they didnt look in their mirror. [SEP] oh no, that is unfortunate. are you alright? [SEP] Yes.  The first thing they said when they got out of their car was "I don't have insurance."	Yes.  The first thing they said when they got out of their car was "I don't have insurance."	wow, you might just have bad luck
1	I haven't seen my friend in 4 years, and she was at my doorstep yesterday. [SEP] That's really nice! Did you guys reconnect? [SEP] We did! I'm really glad she reached out.	We did! I'm really glad she reached out.	It's always great to reconnect to old friends.
5	Thick accents give me issues when watching amovie [SEP] Oh.  How come?  [SEP] I cant watch unless I can rewind. I watch so many movies I feel like i can get it. but i always fail	I cant watch unless I can rewind. I watch so many movies I feel like i can get it. but i always fail	Maybe try turning on the closed caption?
6	I lied to a friend this weekend. It made me feel like a rat [SEP] What did you lie about? [SEP] Where I was the night before	Where I was the night before	Why did you lie about it?
0	I hate having to call the cable company. They always make me so mad! [SEP] Yes, the cable company is infuriating. Do they eventually help you though? [SEP] Nope. That's the worst part. I kept getting transferred, then got disconnected. They're the worst!	Nope. That's the worst part. I kept getting transferred, then got disconnected. They're the worst!	That's awful.  That definitely is the worst.  Maybe it's time to change companies.
6	I will be taking a trip to SE Asia next week. I cant wait. [SEP] Oh man i am jealous. Are you going with anyone? [SEP] Just me. I fly to Hanoi on the 1st.	Just me. I fly to Hanoi on the 1st.	Dang are you scared at all? As far as doing it yourself?
3	At the contruction site where I am working, we are extorted by a gang. We are so afraid. [SEP] That does not sound good. You should speak to the police about this. [SEP] No, I didn't. I am so afraid that they attack my family.	No, I didn't. I am so afraid that they attack my family.	You have to do something or they wont stop and you will live in fear!
8	My landlord didn't want to repair the ceiling. He take the rent but he doesn't want to make any reparations. [SEP] I would be so frustrated.  Do you have any way to make him do the necessary fixes? [SEP] I can sue him but it can be a very long process. I am looking to move to another appartment. This is making very mad.	I can sue him but it can be a very long process. I am looking to move to another appartment. This is making very mad.	I don't blame you!  It might cost more to sue than to break the lease and move.
3	My cat vomited on my shoes [SEP] Eww, did you get angry with her? [SEP] yea i was mad and disgusted	yea i was mad and disgusted	I hope you didnt abandon her.
1	I had a notification that I was eligible to receive a $1000 reward from one of the cards I use. I just had to wait and see what the outcome was in a few weeks.	I had a notification that I was eligible to receive a $1000 reward from one of the cards I use. I just had to wait and see what the outcome was in a few weeks.	That sounds like a great deal. Get the money and do something great with it.
4	Felt a bit alone this weekend	Felt a bit alone this weekend	I'm sorry to hear that, sounds like family took a trip?
6	My friend told me that she has a crush on me.	My friend told me that she has a crush on me.	Do you like her too?
1	I spilled soda on my laptop, and my friend brought me one from his work to use	I spilled soda on my laptop, and my friend brought me one from his work to use	That was very nice of him.
0	I looked so dumb yesterday, I tripped over a rug in the lobby at my job and nearly fell on my face.	I looked so dumb yesterday, I tripped over a rug in the lobby at my job and nearly fell on my face.	i know that feeling
5	My bird chirp chirp chirps all night long. [SEP] How does that make you feel?! [SEP] Pissed off, Why cant she just be quiet	Pissed off, Why cant she just be quiet	Have you ever thought he's chirping because he doesn't want to be caged up? Maybe she wants to be out with you. 
2	I just celebrated my 30th birthday. My family gifted me with a cruise to Mexico with my sister. [SEP] wow that is an awesome gift!! [SEP] I couldn't believe how thoughtful it was!	I couldn't believe how thoughtful it was!	I bet you'll have a great time
6	I was so so happy when I finally saw my school grades.	I was so so happy when I finally saw my school grades.	That's fantastic. How did you do?
4	I was mad when my dad lost job years ago. I felt like he was wronged	I was mad when my dad lost job years ago. I felt like he was wronged	ooh sorry how is it now does he have a job
7	okay so back in may of last year I graduated college [SEP] Congratulations.  What did you get your degree in? [SEP] i majored in business management it i've always been into running a business or entrepreneur 	i majored in business management it i've always been into running a business or entrepreneur 	Good luck with any future business ventures.
3	There was a chance to get a bonus at work today and I wanted it really bad. [SEP] What did you have to do to get it? [SEP] I think it was just randomly given to one of the employees that had perfect attendance. The girl across from me got it though.	I think it was just randomly given to one of the employees that had perfect attendance. The girl across from me got it though.	Better luck next time. 
1	i feel very hopeful for the future [SEP] Why?  The sun is going to engulf the earth in a few billions years.  And even before that, the Y chromosome in humans is going to die out and our civilization will end. [SEP] look at the bright side! soon the robots will take over and we won't be there so no one can hurt anyone anymore.	look at the bright side! soon the robots will take over and we won't be there so no one can hurt anyone anymore.	Now that is hopeful.
7	I just had to pass all of my classes to graduate.	I just had to pass all of my classes to graduate.	congratulations!
2	I hope I'll get the funding for my experiments [SEP] Hey me too!  What are you working on? [SEP] Need time on the fMRI, and you?	Need time on the fMRI, and you?	No, I meant I hope you get the funding.  Sounds interesting!!
5	I miss taking road trips with my friends	I miss taking road trips with my friends	Maybe you could take one soon.
6	I found my friend's senior ring that she left behind before going to college. I miss her.	I found my friend's senior ring that she left behind before going to college. I miss her.	Why don't ou call her?
7	I was shocked to see that I passed my history class with so little effort and studying	I was shocked to see that I passed my history class with so little effort and studying	You must be really good with reading comprehension and remembering facts. Congratulations.
4	y friend just dumped his girlfriend for a prostitute.	y friend just dumped his girlfriend for a prostitute.	Oh wow. That is not something you hear everyday!
6	Something really great happened when I was eating with a friend earlier.	Something really great happened when I was eating with a friend earlier.	Oh yeah what was that? 
5	My favorite restaurant closed down. I'd go so often after work	My favorite restaurant closed down. I'd go so often after work	I'm sorry to hear that. Maybe you can find a similar place around you!
4	I am feeling very spooked at the moment. [SEP] Sorry about that, what is wrong [SEP] Nothing serious, but I watched a horror film last night and it was very scary. 	Nothing serious, but I watched a horror film last night and it was very scary. 	sorry, those horror movies can scare you to death.
2	I need to get a job with real benefits soon, I'm very optimistic for the future.	I need to get a job with real benefits soon, I'm very optimistic for the future.	great, I hope it works out for you.
8	I am thinking the Eagles can repeat this year, I hope so!	I am thinking the Eagles can repeat this year, I hope so!	Careful. Lightning never strikes twice.
4	I feel horrible. I let go of all of my friends and don't know how to move forward.	I feel horrible. I let go of all of my friends and don't know how to move forward.	Sorry to hear that but why did you distance yourself from your friends?
1	this summer i have had the pleasure of being able to have my daughter stay with me, who usually lives in another city! [SEP] That sounds great!  You must have felt really happy! [SEP] yes it is great! we did go to the beach once but mostly we just relax and enjoy each others company	yes it is great! we did go to the beach once but mostly we just relax and enjoy each others company	It sounds like you were quite content and joyful with you time you had with your daughter.
2	I am working parent who also goes to school. It can be tough	I am working parent who also goes to school. It can be tough	I can imagine so! I bet you are one tired person when you hit the bed at night!
4	My mother is litltle sick lately. So I bought her an unexpected gift.	My mother is litltle sick lately. So I bought her an unexpected gift.	Oh, I am so sorry to hear that. Did you get her something nice?
7	My dog isn't feeling well [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that.  Will you dog be okay? [SEP] He will.  I am just giving him lots of snuggles and sleeping by the back door so he can rush outside	He will.  I am just giving him lots of snuggles and sleeping by the back door so he can rush outside	I wish only the best for him.
5	Anytime I go to Mcdonald's I never order and feel sick.	Anytime I go to Mcdonald's I never order and feel sick.	That's non fun. I'm sorry to heard that. Maybe you shouldn't go there anymore?
5	I had been expecting my friend to pick m e up for a shopping trip yesterday. Unfortunatley my friend never actually showed up. [SEP] Sorry to hear that. Were they busy or did they forget? [SEP] She claims to have had something unexpectdly come up. I think she just forgot. She often spaces out.	She claims to have had something unexpectdly come up. I think she just forgot. She often spaces out.	You should not rely on her next  time. She seems unreliable! 
7	You ever have one of those moments where it's supposed to be very challenging, but then it seems like you've been ready for it for years? [SEP] Yes, it's like that all the time for me.  [SEP] I felt like that when I took my boards to become a PA. I blew through that test in record time. [SEP] That is great. I stress myself out over things and I think by doing that it makes things worse. [SEP] It does! The biggest hurdle in difficult tasks is always yourself, I think.	It does! The biggest hurdle in difficult tasks is always yourself, I think.	That is very true. Congratulations on passing your test.
5	We sold our house a year ago and moved to a new one. We are very thankful for all the help our families provided.	We sold our house a year ago and moved to a new one. We are very thankful for all the help our families provided.	You should be proud of the fact you have a new home to build a lifetime of memories in.
2	Saw my brother graduate college last month! Felt so happy for him finally achieving what he's worked hard for. Hope he gets a job soon, though [SEP] That's awesome, the exact opposite is true for me. My little brother is just about to start his first year of college next month! [SEP] Ah, he'll be under a lot of stress. Hopefully you guys can maintain your relationship through it all, as college tends to sweep people away and take up all their attention.	Ah, he'll be under a lot of stress. Hopefully you guys can maintain your relationship through it all, as college tends to sweep people away and take up all their attention.	Yes, I hope so. Well, I hope your brother can put his degree to good use and make some moolah!
4	My finances are not the greatest lately and I've been so worried. I haven't been sleeping due to stressing about this situation.	My finances are not the greatest lately and I've been so worried. I haven't been sleeping due to stressing about this situation.	I am sorry to hear that, I hope things turn around for you soon!
8	my house has been very quiet since my dog died last week [SEP] how long did you have your dog for? that must've been very painful, losing a pet is always hard [SEP] he was with us for 11 years	he was with us for 11 years	that's a lot of time. you could say he was part of your family. 
0	I really miss the days my parents took me to the fair. I loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. [SEP] That sucks. Did you ever find any worms in the apples? [SEP] No but I would like to. I hear they are a good source of protein. I miss the good old days.	No but I would like to. I hear they are a good source of protein. I miss the good old days.	Yeah, if only I could go back and have a crisp apple with some snake oil...all would be right with the world.
6	Some of my daughters classmates in pre-k have been crying since the first day of school.	Some of my daughters classmates in pre-k have been crying since the first day of school.	Oh no! Are they just scared?
2	someone cut me off in traffic today [SEP] Shocking. Does that not happen often for you? [SEP] no i was so mad when it happened	no i was so mad when it happened	Ah well better than me. I get it so much it doesn't even bother me anymore.
7	I took classes this summer and passed all of them.	I took classes this summer and passed all of them.	Woo hoo! Congratulations! You must be super proud of yourse.f
2	I can't wait for the new soccer season to start [SEP] Do you play? [SEP] No I just watch. I'm too old (and fat) to play now	No I just watch. I'm too old (and fat) to play now	If you have a favorite team, I hope they have a good season! 
2	I'm looking forward to my daughter's fall concert. [SEP] Sounds exciting! [SEP] I look forward to them every year.	I look forward to them every year.	Well I hope you have fun and I hope she does well.
6	I actually was able to keep my promise to this girl I was seeing?	I actually was able to keep my promise to this girl I was seeing?	Well its always a good thing to keep a promise. Can I ask what the promise was?
3	Oh man.  I heard something crash behind my house.   [SEP] That is never good.  Did you go out and check on it? [SEP] I'm kind of afraid too!  I think its the aliens coming for me.	I'm kind of afraid too!  I think its the aliens coming for me.	At least you will have a fun story to tell at parties.
1	I always have a nice time driving my old truck. [SEP] What truck is it? [SEP] It's a 1968 chevrolet.	It's a 1968 chevrolet.	Oh wow that is old, glad it still runs!
0	its a shame the way some people act towards the U.S [SEP] I agree. I wish all the countries would get along. No need to be mean to each other. [SEP] exactly! the world would be such a better place	exactly! the world would be such a better place	Also I think all the countries should allow foreigners to visit. I don't understand why they are so territorial.
4	My dog died this week. I'm really upset about it.	My dog died this week. I'm really upset about it.	I am so sorry about that. How are you holding up?
8	My dog peed on the rug for the near hundredth time today. I was so mad!  [SEP] Oh I bet!  Did you take him outside? [SEP] I do, but he always waits until we get inside to go. I just can't seem to get him to go inside. I might have to hire a professional...	I do, but he always waits until we get inside to go. I just can't seem to get him to go inside. I might have to hire a professional...	I use puppy pads in my house in case my dog needs to use the bathroom in the house.   Those seem to work pretty good!
1	My kid just completed his last year of high school, valedictorian and all! 	My kid just completed his last year of high school, valedictorian and all! 	Wow. You must be very proud
4	After the hurricane last year my town was really damaged and it caused a lot of problems [SEP] I can only imagine the destruction and how horrible it is to deal with that! [SEP] yes, my town was flooded from the surge, and the winds ripped alot of roofs off	yes, my town was flooded from the surge, and the winds ripped alot of roofs off	I am very sorry to hear that. I hope for your sake that things are getting back to normal and the destruction is being taken care of.
4	I was upset when I picked up my drunk friend. He was just being a pain	I was upset when I picked up my drunk friend. He was just being a pain	I am sorry to hear; drunk people can make a situation quite difficult to deal with. Have you been friends for long?
6	Why? What's going on on Friday?	Why? What's going on on Friday?	Any plans for Friday?
0	I just got married and I feel like life is perfect. [SEP] Marriage is a very hard thing. [SEP] Not for me my friend.  I love it!	Not for me my friend.  I love it!	I like all of my partners too much.
7	I am really looking forward to my special dinner with my partner! Our ten year anniversary is coming up!	I am really looking forward to my special dinner with my partner! Our ten year anniversary is coming up!	That's fantastic! Congratulations! Is it at a restaurant or home prepared?
3	I had to borrow money from my parents to pay the mortgage. I am having trouble making ends meet.	I had to borrow money from my parents to pay the mortgage. I am having trouble making ends meet.	I am sorry to hear that,  I hope it is only a temporarily situation and you will be on your feet in no time.
3	I live in a town that has several major highways. The other day I passed an awful accident where a car was mutilated beyond recognition and it was do to the carelessness of someone speeding onto the on ramp of the highway and not watching the traffic coming as they entered it. It made me angry.	I live in a town that has several major highways. The other day I passed an awful accident where a car was mutilated beyond recognition and it was do to the carelessness of someone speeding onto the on ramp of the highway and not watching the traffic coming as they entered it. It made me angry.	It is truly horrible. Such incidents mostly happen due to drivers being careless like texting while driving. I hope no deadly casualties had been involved in this event
6	I stole some candy from the store. I felt so bad about it.	I stole some candy from the store. I felt so bad about it.	Did this happen recently?  Did you take it back and admit the error?
7	I have an important job interview coming up this week [SEP] That's so exciting! Are you feeling nervous? [SEP] Very. I feel confident in my abilities, but of course it does play on the nerves some anyway.	Very. I feel confident in my abilities, but of course it does play on the nerves some anyway.	I'm sure if you just relax and focus on being confident, you will do great! Best of luck!
1	Someone threw a bunch of empty beer cans in my truck bed. [SEP] what did you do? [SEP] I went to the nearest gas station and borrowed their trash can.  It's a bad idea to drive around with a truck bed full of beer cans.	I went to the nearest gas station and borrowed their trash can.  It's a bad idea to drive around with a truck bed full of beer cans.	that is true, that is lame though
7	I feel good about the chances of making this hockey team. [SEP] Have you been working hard in the off season? [SEP] I have been, did tons of squats earlier.	I have been, did tons of squats earlier.	You sound very confident. Sounds like you put in the work. Good luck.
8	I applied for a job that really interested me. I found out what kind of candidate they wanted and made sure to prepare very well for the interview.	I applied for a job that really interested me. I found out what kind of candidate they wanted and made sure to prepare very well for the interview.	After the interview was over I though it went very well. I am so confident I will get the job any day now!
7	Moving my grandmother to an assisted living facility from her independent life has been such a transition for the whole family. Seniors can be stubborn and its been stressful to help her feel at home there and not hate it. Yesterday after visiting her however, she actually is looking more happy to be there finally.	Moving my grandmother to an assisted living facility from her independent life has been such a transition for the whole family. Seniors can be stubborn and its been stressful to help her feel at home there and not hate it. Yesterday after visiting her however, she actually is looking more happy to be there finally.	Thats good to hear. Being independent  all your life and then being cared for all the time can be a hard transition
3	I was kinda a lonely child. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that, growing up can be tough. [SEP] Yeah, I was an only child, and over 300 miles from any extended family growing up.	Yeah, I was an only child, and over 300 miles from any extended family growing up.	That is hard, especially being so far away from family.
8	I misunderstood what someone said to me, I tried to help but in turn it all turned out awkward and the conversation went wrong. [SEP] ah i know this feeling, how did the conversation go? [SEP] They kind of went off on me ad disagreed. What I said wasn't offensive, just irrelevant though lol.	They kind of went off on me ad disagreed. What I said wasn't offensive, just irrelevant though lol.	it's okay, next just tell them that you didn't quiet understand what they meant and so they will explain it again
0	I was out working in my garden when I noticed my neighbor's dog had dug a hole under my fence and was running right at me barking! [SEP] Did it scare you or did you make a new friend? It happened to me a few years ago and it turns out the dog just needed a friend.  [SEP] Scared the living hell out of me, because he's a pretty big dog! I ran inside and had to phone him up to come and get his dog.	Scared the living hell out of me, because he's a pretty big dog! I ran inside and had to phone him up to come and get his dog.	Go over when your neighbor is home and make friends with the dog. Take him a ball or a treat. If it happen again you know your safe.
2	I just found out that my girlfriend has been cheating on me. God this is the worst week of my life. [SEP] I feel really sorry for you. Will you be okay? [SEP] I don't know, its weird just sitting at home and knowing she isn't here.	I don't know, its weird just sitting at home and knowing she isn't here.	I hope everything works out for you.
3	My high school friend hit my car. [SEP] Ah, that is terrible! I guess it was their fault? What did you do? [SEP] Yes it was 100% her fault. They hit my car that she let me park in her driveway! She should have been more careful.	Yes it was 100% her fault. They hit my car that she let me park in her driveway! She should have been more careful.	Wow, hopefully you both have insurance. 
8	I'm being induced on Monday because I'll be at 41 weeks pregnant by then. This is my first baby and I'm so scared! Labor seems impossible! [SEP] You got this girl! I was induced when I had my daughter a year ago! I was scared too but honestly don't remember much. [SEP] Really?  That's good to hear.  I have been told so many different horror stories that its got me feeling nauseated and stressed!	Really?  That's good to hear.  I have been told so many different horror stories that its got me feeling nauseated and stressed!	Just enjoy and rest on your last weekend before baby, It'll all be worth in when you are holding your little girl :) Don't listen to those scary stories, those are the 1 in a million chances it goes wrong!
4	I recently found out my mom was very sick.	I recently found out my mom was very sick.	I am sorry to hear that.I hope she gets better.
3	I had the worst experience eating out with friends. [SEP] Where did you eat? And what happened? [SEP] Wildhorse Saloon. Everyone ordered and got their food except me. 	Wildhorse Saloon. Everyone ordered and got their food except me. 	I hate when that happens.
2	My daughter didnt have a good first year at her new school. [SEP] Thats not good, I remember bad times at school. What happened? [SEP] She didnt make a lot of friends. She is shy [SEP] One good friend who you can trust is better than a bunch you can't. It's just part of growing up sometimes. School can be an exercise in mental strength. [SEP] Thats what I told her. This year is going to be better	Thats what I told her. This year is going to be better	Yes, I hope she can find her self worth in who she is. It's just part of growing up. It's hard
5	I feel depressed.  [SEP] oh no why? [SEP] I might have to live on my own without wife and child. That is, if she plans to kick me out of the house eventually. 	I might have to live on my own without wife and child. That is, if she plans to kick me out of the house eventually. 	That sucks. I couldn't be without my kids. Maybe you should go to counseling.
8	i moved into a new apartment yesterday. when i was asleep last night i thought someone was breaking in [SEP] Oh that sounds so scary! [SEP] it was...i checked it out. turns out it was a stray cat. the toaccording to neighbors the old tenant used to feed it when it would scratch at the window	it was...i checked it out. turns out it was a stray cat. the toaccording to neighbors the old tenant used to feed it when it would scratch at the window	Oh thank goodness it wasn't serious.
0	I can't wait for my new laptop to arrive [SEP] I bet your so excited! I just got one last month too and it makes my life so much easier! [SEP] I am! My old laptop is like AOL slow. Can barely get anything done!	I am! My old laptop is like AOL slow. Can barely get anything done!	AOL slow Lol.. I certainly know how you feel! I would have expedited it to me!
6	My coworker just bought a new Mercedes.	My coworker just bought a new Mercedes.	Really? It's a nice car to drive.
5	I have to build an IKEA dresser tomorrow. [SEP] That must of been no fun. [SEP] It's not fun but I am sure I can build it.	It's not fun but I am sure I can build it.	Prepare to spend hours on it, the directions are always bad.
2	My brother just told me his wife is pregnant. I could not be happier for him. [SEP] Is it your baby. [SEP] No, it is my brothers baby.	No, it is my brothers baby.	We will see once the baby comes out and is tested!
6	I just received a job offer but I am not sure if I should take it or not.	I just received a job offer but I am not sure if I should take it or not.	Is it a new field? How's the pay and benifits?
8	I reflect back on life and just think of those times I forgot to go to my daughters matches [SEP] oof those memories can hurt [SEP] I agree, it fills me with guilt that I watched her childhood go by.	I agree, it fills me with guilt that I watched her childhood go by.	yea i can imagine
0	I just made a huge move across the country , and I don't know if it was the right choice. [SEP] Oh thats scary. I've been there. Just give it some time to feel right. Home is where ever you want it to be. [SEP] That is some great advice, Mind set is so important. [SEP] Thanks, it's so true. I've moved around alot. [SEP] Me too, Military brat! [SEP] Yep! Dad was in the army. [SEP] Navy here, Wouldn't say it was always fun, but saw a lot of cool places. Have a great day!	Navy here, Wouldn't say it was always fun, but saw a lot of cool places. Have a great day!	You too!
2	My dog did great at training. [SEP] thats awesome , is your pet being trained at a store by chance ?  [SEP] No, we have a professional doing it that works with the sheriff department.	No, we have a professional doing it that works with the sheriff department.	even more impressive , i hope your pet does great
4	I broke up with my partner of 2 years about two month ago. I think loneliness is the worst that could happen to a human being	I broke up with my partner of 2 years about two month ago. I think loneliness is the worst that could happen to a human being	Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. The only thing that helps is time unfortunately.
1	My kid's school makes sure all the kids' parents know how to fill out low income forms. There are so many parents who don't know enough English, and their kids go hungry when they don't have to. [SEP] That's a good thing, right? So the families can get the help they need? [SEP] Yes. It's absolutely good! I'm glad the school identified that problem. Many schools don't.	Yes. It's absolutely good! I'm glad the school identified that problem. Many schools don't.	I can't begin to imagine how difficult it must be for the kids in that situation. It seems the school really has their back.
8	So my parents bought a new puppy for my younger brother. He had no idea it was coming and was so happy and excited! [SEP] That is so sweet! Did he end up crying when he saw the puppy? [SEP] I think he nearly did! It was so sweet. Do you have any pets?	I think he nearly did! It was so sweet. Do you have any pets?	I have a cat. Her name is Venus. I rescued her from outside after she was attacked by a dog.
8	I want to be a kid again [SEP] wouldnt that be nice, no worries no responsibilities, not a care in the world [SEP] I know right. I want to go back to like 8	I know right. I want to go back to like 8	yes just playing outside all the time, no smartphones no snapchat
5	My wife is  off to her Mom's for couple of days [SEP] Dang. Do you have the whole house to yourself? [SEP] yeah but i think i am going to miss her and feel alone	yeah but i think i am going to miss her and feel alone	That's really rough. Maybe you should go to the gym and meet some friends?
0	i miss the olden days when people would just chat not check their phones every few minutes in between a conversation [SEP] I hear ya. I hate it when people check their phones when I'm trying to talk to them. [SEP] it's just like a disease , there is no cure	it's just like a disease , there is no cure	I know what you mean.
1	I noticed a homeless man who appeared like he hadn't eaten in a while sitting on a bench near a fast food joint. I felt so bad that I ended up buying him a meal.	I noticed a homeless man who appeared like he hadn't eaten in a while sitting on a bench near a fast food joint. I felt so bad that I ended up buying him a meal.	That was very nice of you!  I wish more people would react the way that you did.
5	When I woke up this morning there was a wasp in my bedroom [SEP] Oh, I would've freaked out [SEP] I did! I ran out my room. I think I'll sleep on the sofa from now on. [SEP] Sounds like a safer option, any idea on how it got in? [SEP] I sleep with the windows open, but it's the first wasp I've seen all summer	I sleep with the windows open, but it's the first wasp I've seen all summer	Perhaps it would be wise to close them at night
0	I remember when we were younger , and my brother came home one of his eyes was swollen shut, and he had a giant gash under his other, he had gotten jumped i almost cried in just anger  [SEP] ah no thats horrible i hate to hear that [SEP] he bumped into one of the main ones that jumped him, and my brother beat him up twice , shortly after we both joined jiu jitsu 	he bumped into one of the main ones that jumped him, and my brother beat him up twice , shortly after we both joined jiu jitsu 	thats legit! i love mma and jiu jitsu is crucial 
3	I had a job interview a while ago that I worked hard for. [SEP] You must've spent a while preparing. Did you get the job? [SEP] I sure did! I aced the interview and was told they would call me in a week, I was called that night!	I sure did! I aced the interview and was told they would call me in a week, I was called that night!	That's so awesome! hopefully youre enjoying it?
1	I'm going back to college at 36 and start next week. [SEP] That's exciting! How do you feel about it? [SEP] I'm looking forward to it and a bit nervous but I don't usually get intimidated about new things like that.  I really want to get my nursing degree so its worth it.	I'm looking forward to it and a bit nervous but I don't usually get intimidated about new things like that.  I really want to get my nursing degree so its worth it.	That sounds great. I hope it goes well!
7	I watched a competition show on television in which people were competing to be on Broadway. They were amazing! They could sing and dance so beautifully!  [SEP] You must have been so impressed. They must have been quite talented. [SEP] They were unbelievable. They were also so attractive - just really stunning.  	They were unbelievable. They were also so attractive - just really stunning.  	I wish I could dance like that! Too bad I am only good with computers!
2	Me and my cousin just reconnected [SEP] Interesting. What lead to that? [SEP] Well she moved away to college and didnt come back after graduating.  [SEP] Were you guys close when you were younger? [SEP] Yes. very. we are the closest in age. We see each other when she comes to town but we had a 6 hour conversation on the phone today and it was like the old days	Yes. very. we are the closest in age. We see each other when she comes to town but we had a 6 hour conversation on the phone today and it was like the old days	Man it's so much fun to just have a good conversation with people. 
7	I had to give a presentation at an international conference recently. I was terrified! [SEP] That sounds pretty nerve-wracking. How did it go? [SEP] It turned out okay, thankfully! I was nervous for nothing!	It turned out okay, thankfully! I was nervous for nothing!	That's good to hear!
4	My puppy just passed away	My puppy just passed away	Oh no! I'm so sorry. What kind of dog was he?
8	I've been practising karate for a while, and recently I had a fight for another belt. I trained so hard for it.	I've been practising karate for a while, and recently I had a fight for another belt. I trained so hard for it.	That's great! Did you win your fight.
6	I lost my job last week. [SEP] Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that.  Want to talk about what happened? [SEP] It came as a total surprise, I am so upset. Thank you.	It came as a total surprise, I am so upset. Thank you.	Did they have major layoffs or something?  
1	I finally went on my first rollercoaster since I've never been to an amusement park. What's the deal with rollercoasters?! How is that fun, that's not fun, that's scary! [SEP] It is scary yet exhilarating lol [SEP] I think I might be done with rollercoasters already, haha.	I think I might be done with rollercoasters already, haha.	Some don't like them. I can't do the ones that go straight down.
1	Next week I am going camping with my friends. [SEP] Good luck in your camping.I hope you have a lot of fun. [SEP] Thanks! I am so ready for it.	Thanks! I am so ready for it.	You are going to ace that interview
0	Today i waited for the cable company to show up at my house for 5 hours... No one ever came" [SEP] wow thats a huge pain [SEP] yeah, horrible waste of time... could've been doing something more productive	yeah, horrible waste of time... could've been doing something more productive	i know what you mean
7	I met up with my best friend in high school for the first time in 15 years. [SEP] That's cool! That is a long time! Was he the same as he used to be? [SEP] Yeah, we're both way different, haha!  But it was nice to catch up and reminisce.	Yeah, we're both way different, haha!  But it was nice to catch up and reminisce.	Yeah, remembering old times with a good friends is always fun!
0	I was packing for a move to a new city and I stumbled upon my old diary. Brought back so many memories. [SEP] You must have felt nostalgic of the old days. [SEP] Absolutely. I was sitting down reading through it and just enjoying the memories. Made me a little sad to move away.	Absolutely. I was sitting down reading through it and just enjoying the memories. Made me a little sad to move away.	I understand it is usually hard moving to a new city leaving some many people and placed behind
5	When I moved to a new town, it was hard to make new friends? [SEP] That sounds difficult. Did you try talking to people in your neighborhood? [SEP] Yes, they are all old.	Yes, they are all old.	That always sucks. But old people are great and sometimes funny to hang out with. Maybe you should try giving them a go!
4	Me and my friend didn't get into the same job	Me and my friend didn't get into the same job	I'm sorry to hear that.
1	My son said his first word yesterday. 	My son said his first word yesterday. 	Oh, that's so cool!
7	Hi! This week has been the greatest, my sister just had her first baby! [SEP] awww. boy or girl [SEP] It's a little boy! She was hoping for a girl, but you know how that goes.	It's a little boy! She was hoping for a girl, but you know how that goes.	Well a happy healthy baby is the best kind
2	We just had a giant storm roll through this week. So much rain and lightning. The ground got so saturated that a tree fell down in my yard.	We just had a giant storm roll through this week. So much rain and lightning. The ground got so saturated that a tree fell down in my yard.	Wow! I hope it didn't cause a lot of damage, I have a bunch of very tall trees in my yard as well.
7	When I had my first baby, it was amazing. I was just so happy and joyful that I had been given this blessing.  [SEP] That is nice. How many childrens do you have now? [SEP] I have five kids!	I have five kids!	Congratulations.
5	Ugh I am so sick of working overnight shifts, but I am nervous to start something new.	Ugh I am so sick of working overnight shifts, but I am nervous to start something new.	You should always be confident and take risks in life.
0	i cant wait to see if i got teh promotion at work [SEP] I hope you do. IS there a big pay raise [SEP] 8%!	8%!	I don't know if that's good or not lol
1	So last weekend me and my girlfriend got into a fight. Luckily I have great friends to talk to and be there for me. [SEP] Oh no! That's unfortunate...did you guys reconcile? [SEP] We did but I was still upset. My friends took me out for dinner and helped talk through it. Im just happy I have close friends like that.	We did but I was still upset. My friends took me out for dinner and helped talk through it. Im just happy I have close friends like that.	That's great to have that kind of support!
3	I was mad I didn't get the job I had applied and interviewed for. I put so much work in crafting my resume to fit the description.	I was mad I didn't get the job I had applied and interviewed for. I put so much work in crafting my resume to fit the description.	That is very unfortunate that you put all that work in and were let down. I hope something good came out of it like another good job afterwards.
5	I robbed my coworker wallet last week. I feel bad about it. I needed the money for my addiction to drugs. [SEP] That's not good!  Have you considered going to rehab? [SEP] I have try that but I didn't work for me. I feel like my addiction is stronger than me.	I have try that but I didn't work for me. I feel like my addiction is stronger than me.	Maybe a different facility could help?  Addiction isn't something you can deal with by yourself. 
2	I recently discovered that a coworker's decision have led to me having a big increase in my workload - it was super disappointing! [SEP] I am very sorry! That is very frustrating! Can you speak with a supervisor about the situation? [SEP] Yes, it was frustrating.  Our supervisor is pretty uninvolved, but I might need to speak with him to prevent this from happening again.	Yes, it was frustrating.  Our supervisor is pretty uninvolved, but I might need to speak with him to prevent this from happening again.	I don't blame you, I would talk to him. Even if he is uninvolved, it is not fair for you to bear the full weight of the tasks at hand. I sure hope he has a solution and the work load eases!
6	Me and my friends are going on a road trip. I think it will go well [SEP] Where will you be heading? [SEP] Gold coast. I don't anticipate any issues though	Gold coast. I don't anticipate any issues though	Where is that located.
6	i went to my friend's birthday party a few weeks ago 	i went to my friend's birthday party a few weeks ago 	Did you have fun? 
0	I was so mortified yesterday.  I slipped and fell in the parking lot in a spectacular fashion.   [SEP] Haha. Sorry to laugh but you said it in a funny way. Are you ok? [SEP] Oh, I am fine.  Just my pride is bruised as it happened in front of a lot of people.	Oh, I am fine.  Just my pride is bruised as it happened in front of a lot of people.	Dang, i have doen the same. it can be pretty embarrasing.
0	I have a girlfriend, and I would never cheat on her [SEP] That is an amazing thing. Being cheated on is one of the worst things that can happen when ones enters a bond like a relationship. [SEP] I agree, I am not sure how people can do that to each other	I agree, I am not sure how people can do that to each other	I am sure that you two will have a happy and loving life together especially if she reciprocates your desire to never cheat. 
1	A mosquito has been flying around my head all night and I have been able to kill it!	A mosquito has been flying around my head all night and I have been able to kill it!	Okay so you need a can of hairspray
7	I had tickets to play, but they canceled because the actress got sick [SEP] That is bad. What are you planning to do instead? [SEP] Probably going to catch a movie with friends.	Probably going to catch a movie with friends.	That is good also. Hanging out with friends is the best thing to do.
3	My landlord is boring everyone in the building. He is here every day asking questions. [SEP] What does he ask about? [SEP] He is afraid that some person run away without paying the rent. He is afraid that people use too much the heating system	He is afraid that some person run away without paying the rent. He is afraid that people use too much the heating system	Wow. That has got to be annoying. I can never finf my landlord
8	I have never been an athletic person, but my parents insisted that I participate in a sport, so I chose softball. I was so excited when I heard the crack of the bat as I hit the ball. It was such a satisfying moment.	I have never been an athletic person, but my parents insisted that I participate in a sport, so I chose softball. I was so excited when I heard the crack of the bat as I hit the ball. It was such a satisfying moment.	Oh I know the feeling! I had the same affinity for swimming. My mom said I should give it a try. At first I didn't want to but as I got better I started to love it.
5	Everytime i leave the house, who is behind me? my little brother. [SEP] That must be so annoying. [SEP] YES, i just want to see my own friends and not have to take care of him for once.	YES, i just want to see my own friends and not have to take care of him for once.	I'm sorry, maybe one day when he gets older.
0	I've been doing work in a remote location and I haven't seen my friends or family for weeks. [SEP] Oh my, that must be very lonely. Don't you get home sick? [SEP] I do, but the pay is good and I need the money.	I do, but the pay is good and I need the money.	I totally understand, and I know you must feel sad sometimes. Would you get to see them soon?
5	Yesterday I was so much irritated. I loudly screamed on my bother. [SEP] Oh no! What did he do? [SEP] My little brother always plays electric guitar. And that's too irritating.	My little brother always plays electric guitar. And that's too irritating.	Yes, little brothers can sometimes be irritating.  Maybe ask him next time to turn it down?
0	We thought we were going to have to replace our heat pump, but the technicians were able to repair it.	We thought we were going to have to replace our heat pump, but the technicians were able to repair it.	That's good. I know it's very expensive to replace that part, so I'm sure you are relieved.
2	My sister is pregnant!  I can't believe I'm going to have another niece or nephew [SEP] That is pretty exciting :) do you have kids of your own [SEP] I have a son, he's one.  I also have one niece and one nephew already	I have a son, he's one.  I also have one niece and one nephew already	Nice looks like you're gonna be racking up some babysitting hours..lol hope you're ready 
5	My best friend recently bought a new Porsche. [SEP] Wow have you gone for a ride in it? [SEP] Yes, it's amazing. I'm really envious of him.	Yes, it's amazing. I'm really envious of him.	That's so cool, maybe one day you can save enough for you rown.
8	I want to get a dog, but my cat would hate that [SEP] Ah, new version of Tom and Jerry. You would  be thinking whether to get or not!! [SEP] yeah, I think I would have to wait till my cat passes, she's pretty old already I don't want to stress her out more	yeah, I think I would have to wait till my cat passes, she's pretty old already I don't want to stress her out more	You should then wait for it. Not sure how much time it will take though!!
1	I am so thankful for everything in my life. 	I am so thankful for everything in my life. 	That is great.  Its good to not take family and friends for granted. 
4	Last night was an incredibly low point in my life. I went dumpster diving for food at my local Burger King. 	Last night was an incredibly low point in my life. I went dumpster diving for food at my local Burger King. 	I'm sorry to hear that, what led you to this?
1	I have just eaten a whole packet of cookies	I have just eaten a whole packet of cookies	wow, they must be really tasty for you to have done that
4	I miss my family members as they all pretty much gone now...	I miss my family members as they all pretty much gone now...	Sorry to hear that.
7	I have my ob interview tomorrow.	I have my ob interview tomorrow.	Oh, good luck! Are you nervous for the job interview?
0	My daughter went on a missing trip to KY and worked with a lot of small kids.  She came home with lice. [SEP] She sounds like an amazing person, but the lice is no bueno. [SEP] Yeah, I was so embarrassed by it, even though I know how she got it.  We had to tell the mission trip group leader so that they could notify the rest of the group.  Overall 8 of the 10 girls that went got it.	Yeah, I was so embarrassed by it, even though I know how she got it.  We had to tell the mission trip group leader so that they could notify the rest of the group.  Overall 8 of the 10 girls that went got it.	Oh wow. I didn't know it could spread like that.
2	Hi, I went to a park and I set on a bench. I didn't notice that my wallet felt. A man came to me from behind giving me back my wallet.	Hi, I went to a park and I set on a bench. I didn't notice that my wallet felt. A man came to me from behind giving me back my wallet.	Thats a sweet man, I hope you acknowledged his kind gesture. 
5	I've started training people at work, which would have made me nervous a year or two ago. [SEP] That's great because you really grew as a person. [SEP] Yeah I feel much stronger about my abilities now, and am ready for that task.	Yeah I feel much stronger about my abilities now, and am ready for that task.	Maybe later on you will be able to handle greater responsibilities.
2	Last week on a business trip I spent some time at the bar. There was this girl who was really flirty with me. I had to tell her that I couldn't play with her because I was married. [SEP] Very admirable [SEP] I thought so. But I was worried about hurting her feelings.	I thought so. But I was worried about hurting her feelings.	I'm sue she'll get over it. Your wife wouldn't.
2	My dog pooped on the rug today. [SEP] That is unfortunate. I hope it wasn't 1 or 2 miles high? [SEP] Naw, it was 3 miles high. Quite mad and devastated that it ruined the rug.	Naw, it was 3 miles high. Quite mad and devastated that it ruined the rug.	That amount of poop really does things to a rug. I recommend getting a new house.
0	I'm pretty good right now in life, couldn't ask for anything more. I'm very low maintenance. [SEP] Fantastic! Being grateful is the way to be happy! [SEP] Yes, I'm very grateful for my family and friends.  I don't know how I would live without them.	Yes, I'm very grateful for my family and friends.  I don't know how I would live without them.	Me too! It's good when you have caring people around.
0	I'm not antagonistic but if someone disrespects me in front of my friends and family or tries to start a fight I'll be ready to knock him out cold or snap his arm [SEP] i get you. i hate fighting but i'm not going to be disrespected either. [SEP] Yup what goes around comes around	Yup what goes around comes around	i totally understand that.
5	I saw my boss driving a brand new car today.  [SEP] The company must be doing well then? [SEP] I am sure they are, but it isnt being passed to the lower level workers, I wish I could afford things like that	I am sure they are, but it isnt being passed to the lower level workers, I wish I could afford things like that	Ahh I see what you are saying. Maybe yall will get bonuses.
7	Next week I am going camping with my friends.	Next week I am going camping with my friends.	Good luck in your camping.I hope you have a lot of fun.
4	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I am still not over it	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I am still not over it	Oh I am sorry to hear that. You must have been close to her.
7	Yesterday I got so drunk, I shouted at my wife and made a mess in my house. [SEP] Oh no! You should never lash out on people while drunk, the worst of things can happen under the influence. [SEP] I agree, I am so ashamed right now. I cant even look at my wife in the eye anymore.	I agree, I am so ashamed right now. I cant even look at my wife in the eye anymore.	I think the best thing to do is talk to her and apologize. If you admit to you being foolish she may find it to forgive you.
6	I divorced my wife, I have no one to be with now.	I divorced my wife, I have no one to be with now.	Why did you guys get divorced?
7	I had a memory pop up on my facebook the other day it was a photo of my hands, and my moms hand. I was taking care of her during her last days.  [SEP] Oh my god! That is so sad! I am so sorry! [SEP] Yeah its okay it happens thats life! I enjoyed being able to know I was the one making sure she was okay as she went! 	Yeah its okay it happens thats life! I enjoyed being able to know I was the one making sure she was okay as she went! 	That is a good way of looking at things.
1	I am so ready for Thursday. [SEP] Are you looking forward to an event happening then? [SEP] Yes, it is a big party.	Yes, it is a big party.	Awesome! That should be a lot of fun!
6	I decided to change jobs lately, but I am now not sure about my decision. 	I decided to change jobs lately, but I am now not sure about my decision. 	Are your not liking your new job?
6	My sister in law lived with us and she was so lazy, she slept in until five pm everyday on our couch with the curtains drawn and expect us to all just stay in the dark all day.	My sister in law lived with us and she was so lazy, she slept in until five pm everyday on our couch with the curtains drawn and expect us to all just stay in the dark all day.	Oh my gosh, that's so annoying! How did you deal with it?
3	I've been feeling so horrible lately and I went to the doctor. [SEP] I'm so sorry to hear that. Any news back yet on what it could be? [SEP] Yes! The doctor determined that I have a thyroid problem and started me on medication. I'm optimistic that I'll be feeling better soon!	Yes! The doctor determined that I have a thyroid problem and started me on medication. I'm optimistic that I'll be feeling better soon!	Excellent! Thyroid issues are easily treatable though they can be a burden to deal with. I hope you feel better as soon as possible!
3	My boss keeps putting off my employee review and it's really stressing me out.   [SEP] Is there anyone else you can talk to? Maybe even Human Resources? [SEP] That's a good idea.  I'm just worried because she only has two employees and it'll be obvious it was me. 	That's a good idea.  I'm just worried because she only has two employees and it'll be obvious it was me. 	I see where you're coming from. Sometimes though you got to make a stand and show you're serious about the position.
2	I was gonna go camping this weekend, but now it looks like it will rain it out. [SEP] Rain can be annoying when it comes to that [SEP] It sure can. Oh well, guess I will have to reschedule for sometime later.	It sure can. Oh well, guess I will have to reschedule for sometime later.	Hopefully it will be sunny then
0	I just had my air conditioning system cleaned out because it wasn't working right. Wow, the junk that came out of it was awful. The owner before me never used filters. [SEP] Did you call him to complain about that? [SEP] No, since its my house and they missed it in inspection, there wasn't much I could talk to him about.  It was gross.  Dirt, dust, and gobs of pet hair.  I was breathing it the whole time!	No, since its my house and they missed it in inspection, there wasn't much I could talk to him about.  It was gross.  Dirt, dust, and gobs of pet hair.  I was breathing it the whole time!	That's awful, my air conditioner is cleaned thankfully. 
6	I have been going to school for whar seems like forever.	I have been going to school for whar seems like forever.	Did you wait a lot?
0	I was washing my car in my front yard the other day, and my 2 1/2 year old gets a hold of the hose and starts running from me. There are several people outside doing whatever theyre dong that see this. Everytime I got within 2 feet of my kid he would spray me in the face with the hose and keep running. This just went on and on while everyone watched probably laughing at me.	I was washing my car in my front yard the other day, and my 2 1/2 year old gets a hold of the hose and starts running from me. There are several people outside doing whatever theyre dong that see this. Everytime I got within 2 feet of my kid he would spray me in the face with the hose and keep running. This just went on and on while everyone watched probably laughing at me.	Haha oh boy toddlers, they can be a real handful! My daughter is almost 2 so I understand!
7	I've decided to ask the girl of my dreams to marry me.  I'm sure she will say yes.	I've decided to ask the girl of my dreams to marry me.  I'm sure she will say yes.	That's great! Congratulations! That's exciting, and I'm sure if you're confident she will, then she will!
8	I watched a sports game the other day and it was crazy. they came back after a large deficit. [SEP] That sounds like a good game to watch! Did you have your friends over? [SEP] Only one but we had a heck of a time.	Only one but we had a heck of a time.	I can imagine! Watching games can get wild sometimes!
0	I had to have an MRI done on my head due to some medical symptoms, and I was really nervous about the results. [SEP] That kind of stuff is always scary.  Do you have the results yet? [SEP] Yes, luckily the doctors said that MRI showed no serious signs of symptoms such as tumors, or anything like that. [SEP] I am so glad to hear it!  Are you feeling better, though? [SEP] I feel a little bit better. I've been trying to regain some energy. Thank you for asking. [SEP] Do they have any idea what is going on? [SEP] I don't really know what's been causing the strange symptoms I've been having. I pray that my health is restored.	I don't really know what's been causing the strange symptoms I've been having. I pray that my health is restored.	I do too.  My wife has been very sick for the last 13 years and she just switched to a diet called Nutritarian and after three months is almost back to her old self.
2	I am happy my kids are hetting out of the house and going back to school.	I am happy my kids are hetting out of the house and going back to school.	I bet! My sister is happy about that too, she has 4 daughters.
8	robin williams was my hero, so sad he passed	robin williams was my hero, so sad he passed	I was devastated as well, he brought joy to all
6	Being a married female in a male-dominated work environment can sometimes cause it's insecurities in the other partner. 	Being a married female in a male-dominated work environment can sometimes cause it's insecurities in the other partner. 	Are you able to voice your opinions at least, and are heard ?
8	Old pokemon games make me nostalgic and emotional for some odd reason, they were a big part of my childhood	Old pokemon games make me nostalgic and emotional for some odd reason, they were a big part of my childhood	Oh wow Red and Blue were the best gameboy games
0	Started cutting my grass the other day and my pull cord fell off and got chewed up under the mower [SEP] Oof that sucks. Sorry about that. I dont like cutting my grass so my front door is covered in pink papers from city citations. oof [SEP] That might cost you a pretty penny. Luckily it left just enough cord so I could tie another piece on to that piece and I can still start it now. [SEP] Nothing like redneck engineering. Did you use Flex tape. [SEP] No, had enough to tie another cord to what wasn't chewed up. luckily	No, had enough to tie another cord to what wasn't chewed up. luckily	Oh darn I really like those infomercials, wanted to know how the stuff worked.
5	I failed Introduction to Statistics class that I took as a summer class. I can't understand how i cannot even pass an introductory classes	I failed Introduction to Statistics class that I took as a summer class. I can't understand how i cannot even pass an introductory classes	Maybe you should take a different class.
7	I know that Trump will win reeelction. [SEP] IT;s sad but I think so too. [SEP] Sad? I am so happy, I love him.	Sad? I am so happy, I love him.	Congratulations. We don't share the same sentiment.
0	Seeing Republicans clearly and directly rejecting notion of climate change makes me terrified of our future as a species	Seeing Republicans clearly and directly rejecting notion of climate change makes me terrified of our future as a species	It makes me feel the same. That's why I voted for myself in the last election.
1	I am grateful for my family, they mean a lot to me even if they are not perfect by any stretch [SEP] i agree on all terms, without family we dont mean much in the world [SEP] That is for sure, it really rings true	That is for sure, it really rings true	of course
7	I hate it when you have to wait for the results of creating a new bank account. The waiting is killing me! [SEP] Waiting always kills me! How much longer do you have to wait?  [SEP] No idea, I'm checking my email everyday waiting for the results.	No idea, I'm checking my email everyday waiting for the results.	I am sending you good vibes and luck! 
7	My wife got into med school. She is really smart and definintly deserves to be a doctor!	My wife got into med school. She is really smart and definintly deserves to be a doctor!	Congratulations to her! You must be so proud!
0	I just learned that my niece was invited to the honor program in her new high school [SEP] Aw, nice! That's kind of cool, actually. I hope you really encourage her to stick to it and do well. Sometimes there can be a lot of expectations that come with that stuff, so whatever you can do to not add pressure to it would be great. [SEP] Thank you for the advise, I'll do my best not to pressure her	Thank you for the advise, I'll do my best not to pressure her	Yeah, I think her parents or her peers, or even herself probably, may put  a lot of expectations on her. While you want to reassure and encourage her, it's good to not make her plan too far ahead in the future and put all that weight on her. It's what my parents did with me, and I resented them for it.
1	I got a call this morning letting me know I won a new rifle in a raffle I entered.	I got a call this morning letting me know I won a new rifle in a raffle I entered.	that's amazing 
4	I have two uncles and they both died within 3 months of each otehr	I have two uncles and they both died within 3 months of each otehr	That's very sad, I'm sorry. I have had family members pass as well and it is never easy. 
8	My husband got a nice raise at work!	My husband got a nice raise at work!	That must have been a good thing did y'all celebrate.
6	i got invited to a trip to texas the other week	i got invited to a trip to texas the other week	Who invited you?
7	My husband put together a graduation party for me and I had no idea!	My husband put together a graduation party for me and I had no idea!	Hey... congratulations to you on both fronts! That sounds like double good news. It was probably fun having your hard work rewarded with seeing the faces of all your loved ones and having them personally congratulate you.
1	Due to various internal problems at my job nearly all workers positions will be reassigned.  In spite of this I plan to continue working for this company. [SEP] I am sorry to hear that will you still be needed for your job? [SEP] I am hoping that my versatility and ability to pick up on new things quickly will keep me employed. In which position I am not currently sure, but I like the company	I am hoping that my versatility and ability to pick up on new things quickly will keep me employed. In which position I am not currently sure, but I like the company	Thats great I am sure you will achieve success there.
2	I was at my son's middle school graduation and he go so many things! I was so happy! [SEP] You must be very proud. That is awesome. [SEP] I am! He did great!	I am! He did great!	Hopefully he keeps up. Im sure he has a great attitude.
1	I've been working a great new job the past month and can finally afford a nice apartment. I feel great.	I've been working a great new job the past month and can finally afford a nice apartment. I feel great.	That's great to hear. Summer is a good time of year to be enjoying your life.
4	I had this girlfriend only a few months ago and she was always so honest and kind, it really made me trust her and care about her. Things didn't work out but that's okay.	I had this girlfriend only a few months ago and she was always so honest and kind, it really made me trust her and care about her. Things didn't work out but that's okay.	I'm so sorry to hear that. At least you enjoyed your time with her in the moment?
4	Just a couple more days and they are outta here	Just a couple more days and they are outta here	You sound like me a few weeks ago with my relatives, since they have a bunch of kids under the age of 10. Sorry to hear you're going through the same stress. 
1	I baked a batch of cookies for my kid's birthday party. The only problem was I couldn't resist eating a few before the party. They were so good. [SEP] What kind of cookies did you bake? [SEP] They were chocolate chip, my favorite. Well before I realized it I had eaten every cookie. I felt so bad that the guests would not get any!	They were chocolate chip, my favorite. Well before I realized it I had eaten every cookie. I felt so bad that the guests would not get any!	I would totally have some if you let me. I love chocolate chip!
3	I am hoping for a raise with my evaluation next week.  Fingers crossed.  It was a good year though. [SEP] Good luck! I am sure that it will go well. [SEP] Thanks.  I hope so.  I have been working so hard.	Thanks.  I hope so.  I have been working so hard.	I hope you find out soon.
7	My oldest daughter is graduating high school this spring. [SEP] Congratulations on that. That is a great life milestone for her. Is she planning on getting into a college? [SEP] Yes, she is going to college, she wants to be a vet.  I have such big dreams for her, but I think she has even bigger for  herself.	Yes, she is going to college, she wants to be a vet.  I have such big dreams for her, but I think she has even bigger for  herself.	Sounds great. I wish all the best in her future endeavors. 
6	Can't wait for sunday! Finally going to the beach. It's been forever	Can't wait for sunday! Finally going to the beach. It's been forever	what beach are you going to?
8	Hi, I accidentally broke my mother's prized vintage teapot  [SEP] oh my! does she know it is broken? [SEP] Yes and she is so sad now. I feel guilty about this and havent been able to sleep.	Yes and she is so sad now. I feel guilty about this and havent been able to sleep.	it wasn't intentional ....still a horrible feeling
1	i have so much faith in my wife .	i have so much faith in my wife .	That is positive, you must really love her!
6	I've gotten a good deal of work done today. [SEP] That's awesome. You must feel really relieved. [SEP] I do feel a lot better when I work well.	I do feel a lot better when I work well.	Do you tend to have a lot of work?
0	I am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person I care about at times. [SEP] Yeah, it can be tough. Especially if you're in a heated argument. [SEP] Yes or when they try and bait you.  It is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. It requires a LOT of strength and tough love.	Yes or when they try and bait you.  It is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. It requires a LOT of strength and tough love.	I know right?!? Sometimes it's just best to be quiet, even though you know you are right, to help things get better.
6	I am so happy that I have finally gotten a head start on being organized to teach this year [SEP] This is so good, well done [SEP] Thank you. There is so much to do when you are teaching multiple grades	Thank you. There is so much to do when you are teaching multiple grades	How long have you been on this?
0	I have to make a six layer bean dip later. [SEP] Sounds like a lot of hard work. [SEP] I am sure it will be good.	I am sure it will be good.	i agree.
2	I have three kids. They are great and so am i [SEP] I am glad to hear that, it seems like a lot of work [SEP] IT is but when parenting is natural to you, its fun and rewarding.	IT is but when parenting is natural to you, its fun and rewarding.	that is wht i have heard, i hope it is that way for me
5	While getting into my car after shopping, I realized I had walked out without paying for the flash drive I had picked up. [SEP] Oh no, did you return to the store and pay? [SEP] I didn't, I really didn't want to walk all the way back to the store. I know... I do feel pretty bad about it.	I didn't, I really didn't want to walk all the way back to the store. I know... I do feel pretty bad about it.	Maybe you should go ahead and do it?
4	I thought my life was over when my dog died. [SEP] Im so sorry! I bet your very sad right now! [SEP] Yes, he was my best friend.	Yes, he was my best friend.	Im sorry to hear this. Times like this can be terrifying, but you can get through it. 
7	I had an interview the other day. It went so well	I had an interview the other day. It went so well	Congratulations on that. Hope you have landed the job? Did you?
6	I remember the first time i got in the rattler roller coaster in san antonio , my anxiety was through the roof	I remember the first time i got in the rattler roller coaster in san antonio , my anxiety was through the roof	How'd it go?
6	I recently got in trouble for missing a lot of work. My supervisor had a talk with me and has decided to give me another chance to improve. [SEP] Well that's good news. [SEP] Yes I was appreciative of him doing that for me for sure.	Yes I was appreciative of him doing that for me for sure.	What kind of work do you do
0	I have been feeling very apprehensive these days. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that, is there something in particular that's bothering you the most? [SEP] The racial tensions that are growing in the country thanks to Trump.	The racial tensions that are growing in the country thanks to Trump.	I agree that tensions are higher than ever! Hopefully our country will get on the right track soon, I'm looking forward to voting in the primaries.
4	My grandmother was recently diagnosed with Alzheimer's.	My grandmother was recently diagnosed with Alzheimer's.	Sorry to hear that.IS she going to be under treatment?
7	I am ready for my job search to being.	I am ready for my job search to being.	Good luckk!!
2	I can't wait for my new laptop to arrive	I can't wait for my new laptop to arrive	I bet your so excited! I just got one last month too and it makes my life so much easier!
2	I'm so afraid about my sister's illness. What will we do? [SEP] That is gross. Did you find out who left it there? [SEP] Left what? [SEP] The old tuna sandwich. [SEP] Oh. No, nobody yet.	Oh. No, nobody yet.	Well hopefully you threw it out.
1	Recently, my dog died. It was so heartbreaking. We had him since 2010. [SEP] Oh no that would make him quite young. I'm so sorry! Do you have plans for another one when you're ready? [SEP]  He was a loving dog. Probably! I would love to get a Labrador Retriever. 	 He was a loving dog. Probably! I would love to get a Labrador Retriever. 	Those are awesome dogs, I've known quite a few in my life. Well whenever you're ready I think it'll be a perfect match.
1	Someone hit my car in the parking lot and didn't even leave a note. I was so livid there is a big scrape on my door.	Someone hit my car in the parking lot and didn't even leave a note. I was so livid there is a big scrape on my door.	I would be so mad. I can't believe people can do that and sleep at night
4	My mailman delivered my package to the wrong address.	My mailman delivered my package to the wrong address.	I am sorry to hear that.We you expecting somthing very expensive?
2	I don't listen to any new music anymore	I don't listen to any new music anymore	There is so much different kinds it can be daunting sometimes on where to find the good stuff.
5	I am upset the Jonas Brothers broke up. [SEP] They did!  That is so terrible! [SEP] Yes, I cried for weeks when I found out.	Yes, I cried for weeks when I found out.	I'm sorry, maybe they will get back together.
0	My husband took our infant out into the world by himself today. There are so many things that could go wrong [SEP] That's nerve wracking. I have 4 kids myself so I know what its like. [SEP] You have to have faith that they can handle any situation. Thankfully, he did well	You have to have faith that they can handle any situation. Thankfully, he did well	Most of the time they do do well. We definitely have to trust our husbands to look after the little ones without us.
0	Before I met my girlfriend and friends, I felt very alone, it was a dark time [SEP] Are you happy now? [SEP] I think so, I owuld like a better job but that is it	I think so, I owuld like a better job but that is it	Well that's good. IT will come it you work for it.
4	I had people stay at my house while I was gone over the weekend, so they wouldn't have to pay for a hotel. When I came back, they had left a mess and didn't really put in much effort to put things back where they found them. They were supposed to be good friends, too.	I had people stay at my house while I was gone over the weekend, so they wouldn't have to pay for a hotel. When I came back, they had left a mess and didn't really put in much effort to put things back where they found them. They were supposed to be good friends, too.	That is disappointing. Did you confront them about it? I am sorry you have to deal with that.
5	My father promised to buy me a car when I graduate from university. He never did. [SEP] Are you disappointed with it? [SEP] I was very angry and disappointed. I was dream to have a care.	I was very angry and disappointed. I was dream to have a care.	I feel like you should take it up with him.
0	Telemarketers always call at the most inconvenient times	Telemarketers always call at the most inconvenient times	They do i hate that, i dont know why but i always get them while in a call
8	I was so happy when my wife surprised me with preseason football tickets.  [SEP] Now that's quite a gift! Are you going to take her to any games as a thank you? [SEP] Oh yeah, I definitely want her to join me. We've gone to a lot of tailgate events, too. Going to be a great football season!	Oh yeah, I definitely want her to join me. We've gone to a lot of tailgate events, too. Going to be a great football season!	I've been looking forward to it starting too. Not a lot going on at the moment. But that's wonderful to hear!
8	I am feeling lonely but settled because things are peaceful.  [SEP] Well, sometimes we can feel that way in life. Relieved because there isn't drama, but get a bit lonely. Maybe you can get out and meet some new people? [SEP] Nah, I have had that time pass. I am not up for people. Lonely meaning without a partner I live with. Yes, I love no drama in my home :)	Nah, I have had that time pass. I am not up for people. Lonely meaning without a partner I live with. Yes, I love no drama in my home :)	Well, whatever makes you happy, that's what you should do. But, still, never hurts to at least have platonic friends :)
7	This lady at the store kept flirting with me today [SEP] oh yeaaa do tell [SEP] Well I told her that i was happily married but thanks for the interest	Well I told her that i was happily married but thanks for the interest	ah snap!
8	I was on my way to an interview the other day and was overly anxious.	I was on my way to an interview the other day and was overly anxious.	Oh, those are never fun. But they usually end up being better than you expect. 
1	I was thankful my brother helped me move. It was needed [SEP] Its hard to find people to help move. [SEP] It really is	It really is	That's good that your brother helped. My daughter I moved alone.
7	i had a job interview today and i feel really good about it [SEP] you know something worker_1, everytime you feel good about something, it always means that you did good! take for example myself, when i had my job interview i also felt really good about it and guess what? I GOT THE JOB!  [SEP] i feel the same way!	i feel the same way!	that's good news indeed! i wish you the best and make sure you work hard! 
1	I couldn't believe my eyes when my favorite aunt pulled up to get me from school. [SEP] That is awesome. Did you get to do anything fun with her? [SEP] yes we went to go see the first harry potter movie ever	yes we went to go see the first harry potter movie ever	Cool I like Harry Potter. You have a really nice aunt!
0	There's a huge stuffed bear on my yard. [SEP] That sounds creepy [SEP] Agree. Not sure what I should do with it.	Agree. Not sure what I should do with it.	I guess ignore it for now
8	My preschool aged son got invited to a birthday party last week and I wanted to take him, but I was a bit nervous because he's been acting out lately and I didn't want him throwing a tantrum in public.  [SEP] Did you end up taking him? [SEP] I did, and he was well behaved luckily! He was definitely not one of the most unruly kids out of the bunch haha. [SEP] Is he just naturally unruly or does he have some sort of condition? [SEP] Oh no haha he is just like a typical three year old, they all go through these "threenager" ages where they like to challenge you a lot. 	Oh no haha he is just like a typical three year old, they all go through these "threenager" ages where they like to challenge you a lot. 	I'm aware of the "terrible two's"  I've never heard of the threenager but, im not surprised to hear of it
4	Our dog is getting older and having issues.	Our dog is getting older and having issues.	I am so sorry to hear that. I know what that is like unfortunately.
5	I forgot to order my daughters textbooks. [SEP] Oh no! How many days left until she starts school? [SEP] She starts on the 13th. She wont get the books until the 17th. I'm s bad mom lol	She starts on the 13th. She wont get the books until the 17th. I'm s bad mom lol	Wow, that's some really slow shipping times. Maybe you will get lucky and they will come in the mail sooner.
8	I didn't get the promotion at work. [SEP] Oh no!  How are you handling the disappointment? [SEP] I am doing okay! I will just have to work harder next time.	I am doing okay! I will just have to work harder next time.	That's a great attitude to have about it.  But I understand that it still stings a bit.  
4	I have a job interview later today. [SEP] Congratulations. Is it for something that you're keen on pursuing a little longer term? [SEP] Not really, more of a job for the need of paying rent and all that. Times are rough for me after getting no cause fired at my last place.	Not really, more of a job for the need of paying rent and all that. Times are rough for me after getting no cause fired at my last place.	Oh I'm sorry to hear that. Still, onwards and upwards. I wish you all the best!
7	In the other hand, I am excited to go to Vegas tomorrow [SEP] Wow ! that sound's really awesome. I wish I could have gone there. But surely not for work ! [SEP] This is my first time going there. I want to try my luck	This is my first time going there. I want to try my luck	I wish you all the best pal ! You will surely rock !
0	I had a bit of a situation with my cat lately, he went missing for 2 days! [SEP] Oh my.  I bet you were a nervous wreck.  How did you find your cat? [SEP] We ended up finding him in a nearby shed. He walked in and got locked in. We heard him crying! Luckily we managed to bring him and feed him quickly	We ended up finding him in a nearby shed. He walked in and got locked in. We heard him crying! Luckily we managed to bring him and feed him quickly	I am glad he is back home and safe again.  You must be relieved.  
2	I applied for a job at my son's school. [SEP] thats great i hope you get it ! [SEP] Thanks. I am really counting on it.	Thanks. I am really counting on it.	Money is always good, and you will be near your son hopefully he does not find it embarrassing , u know how kids are    
3	I felt bad when I lied to a friend. I just didnt want to hang out	I felt bad when I lied to a friend. I just didnt want to hang out	I have been there before. Sometimes you just need to relax!
0	It really hurt when my dad died randomly. It was the hardest thing I have been through [SEP] I'm so sorry to hear that. [SEP] Yeah it was tough	Yeah it was tough	I lost my grandmother last year. It is a rough thing to go through.
8	I got a new laptop pretty recently. Blown away by the performance difference from my old one [SEP] You must be so surprised! Technology has really advanced in the last few years. [SEP] Yeah it really has! Didn't know what I was missing.	Yeah it really has! Didn't know what I was missing.	Yep, my son just got me an iPhone 8 and I was surprised at how alien it was to me.
3	Its been cloudy all day and I think it will rain heavily pretty soon!	Its been cloudy all day and I think it will rain heavily pretty soon!	Rainy days are perfect for being lazy.
6	I was eating with some friends, and over trusted a fart smh [SEP] What did your friends do? [SEP] Laughed and got me some new pants	Laughed and got me some new pants	On no. Was this at a public place?
5	So when i was a teenage my father took my game console away. [SEP] Did he tell you the reason? [SEP] My grades but i ended up going into his room and taking it back. I bought that myself with my own money.	My grades but i ended up going into his room and taking it back. I bought that myself with my own money.	If you live under his roof then you should obey him.
0	I have a big surprise party planned for my friend tonight.	I have a big surprise party planned for my friend tonight.	You sound like a good friend, going through the effort and trouble to fix that up. I'm not into surprises, but I'm sure you know your friend well enough to know that he'd like it if you gave him one.
7	I feel really good about this job interview I have coming up.	I feel really good about this job interview I have coming up.	Oh, good luck on it! What are you applying for?
1	I'm so happy to have my son in my life, he has taught me a lot about life in general.	I'm so happy to have my son in my life, he has taught me a lot about life in general.	That's so amazing. It's an incredible thing to be a parent!
3	My grandmother passed away last thanksgiving. It is tought without her. [SEP] Im very sorry to hear that. hopefully it will get better with time. [SEP] It will. She was an awesome lady.	It will. She was an awesome lady.	Im sure she is in a better place. Looking down on you.
8	Someone stole my lawn mower. Suffice to say...I am not a happy camper. [SEP] That's terrible! Sorry to hear that. [SEP] Thanks! I can't stand thieves! I work hard for the things I have!	Thanks! I can't stand thieves! I work hard for the things I have!	So do I. People need to be more considerate of others.
1	I've been through a lot of hard times in life, but I know that God will bless me soon. [SEP] i bet he will, everything always gets better dont worry [SEP] Thank you for that encouragement. I am trying to be as patient as I can be during these hard times.	Thank you for that encouragement. I am trying to be as patient as I can be during these hard times.	like some one once said, time heals everything just have a positive attitude
5	WIsh that did happen to you, better luck next time. [SEP] I always have the worst luck.  [SEP] Me too, sometimes I think it's karma. Maybe all the bad things that I did are coming back to me.	Me too, sometimes I think it's karma. Maybe all the bad things that I did are coming back to me.	Maybe. I think some people are just born with it.
8	Everyone is gone for the night. I haven't been alone at night in forever [SEP] Where'd they go? [SEP] Stay with my sister for a sleepover. Im a litlle scared. ITs so quiet	Stay with my sister for a sleepover. Im a litlle scared. ITs so quiet	It takes some getting used especially since you haven't been alone in a while.
5	Ran upon a horrible wreck going home yesterday. One person was laying on the ground. The other girl hit her face and had blood all over it but was conscience.  [SEP] That's scary. I wonder if they made it. [SEP] I can't find out.  The one on the ground I was worried about. she wasn't moving	I can't find out.  The one on the ground I was worried about. she wasn't moving	Maybe you will see something in the news in the next day or so.
8	I miss hanging out with my friends all night. Those days are over. [SEP] Why does that have to change now? [SEP] I have kids and I get tired too quickly lol. I want to be in bed at a decent time now.	I have kids and I get tired too quickly lol. I want to be in bed at a decent time now.	Ah okay! Makes sense, I'm sure being a parent is no joke.
3	I had to cancel plans for this weekend. I got really sick last night. I feel bad. [SEP] Oh that sucks, getting sick is the worst. Hope you feel better soon. Take vitamin C, it really does help some people.  [SEP] I feel okay now, with a lot of sleep. But I dont want to risk going on a roadtrip.	I feel okay now, with a lot of sleep. But I dont want to risk going on a roadtrip.	Yea better play it safe so that it doesn't get worse.
5	Hey there, Got to admit, I'm pretty lonely right now.  [SEP] Aw I'm sorry.  Why are you lonely? [SEP] My wife went out of town for work for a week, and I'm not used to having the place to myself.	My wife went out of town for work for a week, and I'm not used to having the place to myself.	Maybe you could invite a friend over for a movie?
4	I think me and my ex are broken up for good. [SEP] I see, is that a good thing or bad thing for you? [SEP] Maybe a good thing. We break up so much lol	Maybe a good thing. We break up so much lol	Sorry to hear that. Well yeah, maybe it's for the best
8	Why don't I have a woman by my side at 46?	Why don't I have a woman by my side at 46?	I can't answer that! You seem lonely.
8	Collage is stressful, since it's my first year i'm nervous about choosing classes	Collage is stressful, since it's my first year i'm nervous about choosing classes	I understand. But think there will be many new people, so you will not be the only one in the same situation
4	I am so thankful for all the help I received after my mom passed away. I was able to overcome my grief thanks to all my friends and family :) 	I am so thankful for all the help I received after my mom passed away. I was able to overcome my grief thanks to all my friends and family :) 	I'm so sorry to hear about your mom, but it's great that you had such support to help you through.
0	My husband is very trustworthy, he's good at keeping a secret when asked to [SEP] That's really good you guys can trust eachother like that. That helps make you both grow in the relationship. [SEP] True, we've been together for over 20 years. Feeling comfortable in a relationship is important [SEP] Wow! You don't see much of that anymore. So true. [SEP] That is so true, it's sad to see people break up whether they are married or not or have children or not.	That is so true, it's sad to see people break up whether they are married or not or have children or not.	Yes, I am a product of a broken marriage. My children are too. Keep up the good work you guys!
8	Ate the last biscuit this morning during breakfast. Then my child came in asking for another one and I felt really bad. Oh well. Maybe I'll get her something as a treat tomorroow.	Ate the last biscuit this morning during breakfast. Then my child came in asking for another one and I felt really bad. Oh well. Maybe I'll get her something as a treat tomorroow.	It really makes a parent feel bad when that happens. I live with what my neighbor calls mom guilt.
1	When I got home tonight my outdoor window was broken- To my cat room. [SEP] I am sorry, was the cat okay [SEP] The cats are fine as there is a screen, but I am in a bad neighborhood so I don't know what happened and who did it? A bit frightening.	The cats are fine as there is a screen, but I am in a bad neighborhood so I don't know what happened and who did it? A bit frightening.	That does sound scary
7	Sometimes I'm nervous to play this game.  Because if it's someone who can't hold a conversation I get the feeling of wanting to strangle them on the other side of the computer. And I'm really not that kind of guy [SEP] I undersand. Do you want to strangle me? [SEP] Not yet	Not yet	Good.
0	I watched my daughter start high school this week [SEP] How did that make you feel? [SEP] I was thinking back to when it just seems like yesterday I was walking her to her first day of kindergarten.	I was thinking back to when it just seems like yesterday I was walking her to her first day of kindergarten.	I understand that, I get that could make you emotional, I hope time slows for you!
6	I spent last evening completely alone	I spent last evening completely alone	Why alone
2	I worked really hard to get a promotion at work and I found out yesterday I didn't get it. [SEP] I'm sorry. Your boss still knows about the great work you have put in, though [SEP] I think that she does! I will get it next time!	I think that she does! I will get it next time!	Yes you will! That's a great attitude
4	I was at the store last week and slipped on some water on the floor I didn't see. I broke my leg! I was mortified!  [SEP] Oh, no! That's awful! Are you still in pain? [SEP] Yes, I will need to wear the cast for at least another 5 weeks. People are so rude too. They all just stood there and laughed at me!	Yes, I will need to wear the cast for at least another 5 weeks. People are so rude too. They all just stood there and laughed at me!	I can't believe it! How could they? I'm so sorry to hear that...
2	I am pretty happy with my life right now, it is going pretty well overall [SEP] That's great when life just feels right [SEP] It sure is, I hope things stay like this for a long time!	It sure is, I hope things stay like this for a long time!	I hope they do too! I'm happy for you
8	My dog didn't make it outside today and pooped right in my living room floor [SEP] I am sorry to hear that. [SEP] I am too because I stepped in it and tracked it all across the house! Now I have to clean it all up!	I am too because I stepped in it and tracked it all across the house! Now I have to clean it all up!	You should hire someone to do that.
7	Guess what. I won the table-tennis competition that was held in college among all students. I received an iPad as a prize [SEP] That's cool. Was it the newest one? [SEP] It was the latest edition of iPad family. I am so happy to have it. As I already have one, i was thinking of selling it on Craigslists to get a cash	It was the latest edition of iPad family. I am so happy to have it. As I already have one, i was thinking of selling it on Craigslists to get a cash	Good idea
8	I kept all of my kids first day pics every year. They are in a book	I kept all of my kids first day pics every year. They are in a book	I need to try and do that.
8	My best friend got the prettiest girl in the class. I wish I had his game. I am better looking but he gets the girl every time.	My best friend got the prettiest girl in the class. I wish I had his game. I am better looking but he gets the girl every time.	I am sure once you clean up your scruffy look you'll be able to land all the ladies.
7	My friend just bought a really nice house that he can barely afford. [SEP] That must be stressful to your friend. [SEP] Ah it's no big deal.  I'm super happy with my humble dwellings.	Ah it's no big deal.  I'm super happy with my humble dwellings.	That's good that you are content with what you have. 
0	I had a project i was working on and my boss had some questions... if i told him the truth i could possibly get fired so i lied. [SEP] Oh lord! Why did you need to lie? [SEP] I was too scared to lose my job and i didn't see a way out of this situation	I was too scared to lose my job and i didn't see a way out of this situation	Oh ok! Well I can understand that.
0	I feel bad I cheated on my diet.	I feel bad I cheated on my diet.	That is a horrible feeling I know, but you can start over again the next day.
7	We're waiting to see what size my husband's bonus will be.  This is the first year he's eligible for anything bigger than a Starbucks gift card lol [SEP] I hope it's a lot more than just a gift card but at least Starbucks should be a lot of money because it's so expensive there! [SEP] haha true, prices are insane there!  We're hoping to be able to afford a new roof this year	haha true, prices are insane there!  We're hoping to be able to afford a new roof this year	oh yes then you need much more than a starbucks gift card!  good luck!!
7	My daughter was in a ballet recital. She danced so beautifully. I was so impressed.  [SEP] That sounds wonderful! I bet it was amazing [SEP] They looked so nice. And it was in a real theater so it seemed so professional. 	They looked so nice. And it was in a real theater so it seemed so professional. 	Wow! I wish I could see something like that
1	I am finding it hard to sell my grandfathers cadillac [SEP] put it on offerup [SEP] I will, but its just that i am so sentimentally attached to it that I dont think I should sell it.	I will, but its just that i am so sentimentally attached to it that I dont think I should sell it.	i can understand that
5	...i really thought i could do it, i had 3 hours do deliver the project at work, i made a promise i would, but in the end i couldn't and everyone was so disappointed in me, i feel so done... [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that, can you make it up to them? [SEP] i am not sure, possibly, i'll have to really do good work, the thing is i am already doing a 3 man job all alone... what more can they want	i am not sure, possibly, i'll have to really do good work, the thing is i am already doing a 3 man job all alone... what more can they want	You should try to reach out to them.
3	The other day at work one of my coworkers ate my lunch I left in the break room fridge. [SEP] i bet you were frustrated with them. Did you confront them? [SEP] No, I was just upset and confused about why someone would do that. 	No, I was just upset and confused about why someone would do that. 	I agree. Im sorry for that. I hope they didnt get you too sad. Maybe they thought it wsa theirs for some reason
2	I cannot wait until next week.  I am going on vacation! [SEP] How exciting! Where to? [SEP] Were going to Disney world.  I need to take time off of work.  I really need a break.  So excited!!!	Were going to Disney world.  I need to take time off of work.  I really need a break.  So excited!!!	I am happy for you and hope you have a lot of fun!
6	I was cleaning in the yard when I discovered a huge nest of black widow spiders! [SEP] Oh god. That must be terrifying. [SEP] Yeah it freaked me right out! I called someone to come get rid of them tomorrow.	Yeah it freaked me right out! I called someone to come get rid of them tomorrow.	Oh lord. They're still there?
0	I can not een think about losing any more money! [SEP] have you thought  about saving money? [SEP] I have thought about it, but unable to 	I have thought about it, but unable to 	Yeah it is hard for some people to save money, for me it is kind of hard not to spend what i have
8	This morning I found a garden snake in my yard! It wasn't very big but I don't like snakes.	This morning I found a garden snake in my yard! It wasn't very big but I don't like snakes.	Oh, my dad use to play with those all the time when we were young and he'd let us touch them!
0	I found out that my partner purchased a new bag for herself with my credit card. She did not even bother to let me know or ask me before using it	I found out that my partner purchased a new bag for herself with my credit card. She did not even bother to let me know or ask me before using it	WOW, I would be quite upset,  Atleast let me know before you do that!
7	I cant wait for my trip next week! [SEP] where is your trip at? why are you so exited [SEP] its las vegas. i love being around all the excitement one mine and all the depression the next :)	its las vegas. i love being around all the excitement one mine and all the depression the next :)	wow i have always wanted to go to las vegas, good luck and dont gamble all your money haha
3	Man, one time I got wayyy too drunk and it was not a good time. [SEP] Oh yeah? What happened that day? [SEP] It was one of the first times I drank and I felt awful and thought I was basically gonna die.	It was one of the first times I drank and I felt awful and thought I was basically gonna die.	Oh no! I hope everything turned out well at the end of it!
4	My dogs passed away 2 years ago. My family adopted me one this past weekend on my birthday.	My dogs passed away 2 years ago. My family adopted me one this past weekend on my birthday.	Sorry to hear about your other ones...What breed is the new one
3	I teach swimming lessons during the summer, but we recently have been having tons of crazy weather!!	I teach swimming lessons during the summer, but we recently have been having tons of crazy weather!!	Yes it has been a very wild and wet summer.
4	i ordered from a new place today [SEP] What kind of restaurant? [SEP] a soul food restaurant. It was terrible.	a soul food restaurant. It was terrible.	Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
6	my parents picked me up from work in a new car for me when I turned 17, I was so surprised [SEP] Did this make you excited? [SEP] I was very excited, just to have a car at all is awesome!	I was very excited, just to have a car at all is awesome!	What type of car was it?
0	Stephen Kings new show has a new episode tonight. [SEP] What is it called? I may tune in! [SEP] It's called Castle Rock. It is really creepy. It comes on HULU	It's called Castle Rock. It is really creepy. It comes on HULU	Oh, I have hulu, I need to look into that!
7	We just got a new puppy! Our old dog passed away recently but this new one is such a pleasure to be around. [SEP] I am sorry to hear about your dog passing away. But, I'm happy you have a new friend in the new one. [SEP] Thank you. Yeah he's been awesome! It feels good to have another animal that needs you.	Thank you. Yeah he's been awesome! It feels good to have another animal that needs you.	It's good you were able to find new companionship in your new dog. Congratulations on your new pet.
7	I almost died last year. [SEP] That is a terrible thing to happen, I'm sure... [SEP] Yes I was very lucky.	Yes I was very lucky.	I'm happy that you are still here as well! Think of the alternative :(
1	My friends shocked me by throwing me a birthday celebration. I had no idea about it until it happened. [SEP] Awe. That is soo sweet. You have some really good friends [SEP] Yeah, we have all known each other for over 10 years. We all live close to each other.	Yeah, we have all known each other for over 10 years. We all live close to each other.	That is really nice to have. Most people don't even have one good friend.
7	My girlfriend was feeling nauseous this morning and thinks she's pregnant. She went to get tested, and I am praying that she isn't.  [SEP] I can imagine you are nervous.  What will you do? [SEP] If she isn't pregnant then I can sigh as relief. If not, then we will have to discuss our future.	If she isn't pregnant then I can sigh as relief. If not, then we will have to discuss our future.	Well, I wish you the best of luck.  I understand that is a stressful situation
4	MY son just wasted my soda on some important papers.	MY son just wasted my soda on some important papers.	I am sorry, how important were they
5	Sooo scary! I was in the basement today and I swear to you I saw a ghost [SEP] Ghost are not scary, they are us without our physical bodies.  [SEP] I know but I wasn't expecting it.. and it looked like my mom.	I know but I wasn't expecting it.. and it looked like my mom.	You should have talked to your mom.
0	I was in the supermarket the other day. It was very busy and people were letting their kids run wild causing chaos!	I was in the supermarket the other day. It was very busy and people were letting their kids run wild causing chaos!	I hate that.
0	I hesitated before getting on the rollercoaster because it looked so scary!  [SEP] im terrified of rollercoasters [SEP] Same. But the thrill that you feel is worth the terror and tension! 	Same. But the thrill that you feel is worth the terror and tension! 	i agree, i just get on and close my eyes
2	I feel so at ease right now with life, finally after all the hecticness. 	I feel so at ease right now with life, finally after all the hecticness. 	That's good you're getting a break! Life is much more rough as an adult than I thought it would be as a kid.
1	I love seeing couples that have been married for decades. [SEP] Love is a great thing for sure [SEP] I hope I get that one day. 	I hope I get that one day. 	I am with you on that one
0	Man I tried something GROSS the other night [SEP] What was it? [SEP] Eggplant!!  So gross!  Have you ever tried it?	Eggplant!!  So gross!  Have you ever tried it?	Yeah and I understand. It's not for everybody!
8	Its me and my fiances anniversary next month and keeps dropping hints about what hes getting me, and I have no idea what it is because I have not told him I wanted anything. Its puzzling but makes me eager to see. [SEP] Anticipation sucks. The hints don't help you figure it out? [SEP] No, they're more like, "I know what I'm getting you" and then when went over bills he was like Im going use money for your gift, non specific type of hints Lol	No, they're more like, "I know what I'm getting you" and then when went over bills he was like Im going use money for your gift, non specific type of hints Lol	HAHA that's a shame. It's just like having to stare at Christmas gifts for a month but not being able to open them as a kid.
6	it felt good to get approved for a vacation [SEP] That's great! Where ya headed? [SEP] to disneyworld!	to disneyworld!	That sounds like a lot of fun! Who ya going with?
5	I farted during a work meeting. I feel bad about it. [SEP] It happens, was it loud? [SEP] Yes, it was. Everyone was looking at me. I wanted to hide. The meeting was just after lunch.	Yes, it was. Everyone was looking at me. I wanted to hide. The meeting was just after lunch.	Aw, that's bad, you should try to play it off next time!
3	A co-worker of my husband asked me out on a date. I think that was rude and I told him no. [SEP] That could be awkward. I wonder what made him feel he could do that? [SEP] I have no idea, some people just don't think before saying things.	I have no idea, some people just don't think before saying things.	Hopefully he got the point and wont ask again.
4	I've been applying for new jobs but, I haven't found one yet	I've been applying for new jobs but, I haven't found one yet	I'm sorry, I'm sure you find one soon.
3	I am scared that World War 3 may be near. [SEP] Nah.  Don't worry my friend!  It will be okay! [SEP] I am really worried that North Korea may attack us.	I am really worried that North Korea may attack us.	I don't think they will.  We are the worlds greatest army
6	I think fondly of the Christmas I got my N64 . [SEP] Thats cool. The N64 was a huge step up for enjoying your alone time for me. [SEP] Yea , I still play it sometimes for funs sake. [SEP] I sold mine a long time ago and i regret it. :( [SEP] Now a days you can get one on ebay or yardsales! [SEP] I should do that i don't know why i haven't [SEP] Do a Barrel Roll for me!	Do a Barrel Roll for me!	Done! lol
4	My girlfriend dumped me yesterday.	My girlfriend dumped me yesterday.	sorry to hear that.
6	I hate having to call the cable company. They always make me so mad!	I hate having to call the cable company. They always make me so mad!	Yes, the cable company is infuriating. Do they eventually help you though?
2	I'm sad that I have to leave to go back to school next week and leave my friends [SEP] That is sad, but maybe you'll make new friends at school. Is it your first year? [SEP] Yeah, it's going to be my first year there, but I'm a junior technically, but yeah I hope I do!	Yeah, it's going to be my first year there, but I'm a junior technically, but yeah I hope I do!	I'm sure it'll be fine. Everybody will be in the same boat. I hope it goes well.
6	My brother got into accident	My brother got into accident	That's terrible. Did he get hurt?
2	i was happy when  i saw i got the day off! [SEP] Congrats! A day off is always nice.  Did you do anything fun with your extra time? [SEP] nah just sit at home and relax like you!	nah just sit at home and relax like you!	Haha, relaxing days can be super helpful.  I hope you have a good rest of your weekend!
5	I was so excited and happy after my wood glue and toothpick trick worked, and it held the screw! [SEP] That sounds awesome! [SEP] Yes it was, and so far the screw is holding up. :-)	Yes it was, and so far the screw is holding up. :-)	I'm glad that worked out for you, it could have gone in a completely different way.
1	I just had a job interview and I think I nailed it. I left there feeling very confident.	I just had a job interview and I think I nailed it. I left there feeling very confident.	That is good, that is a situation where confidence is very helpful.
6	I stole a soda as a teenager and got caught in the parking lot by the security people. I felt so ashamed. [SEP] Oh wow, did anything end up happening to you? Did you get 20 years in prison? [SEP] Haha no she called my parents and I was banned from the store. 	Haha no she called my parents and I was banned from the store. 	Eh, I suppose worse things could happen. Was it worth it?
6	My sister threw a party for me a few months ago.	My sister threw a party for me a few months ago.	That's nice of her.  What was the occasion?
1	I literally youtubed a how to video on taking apart and repairing a washing machine... and I repaired it for 17 dollars!	I literally youtubed a how to video on taking apart and repairing a washing machine... and I repaired it for 17 dollars!	... I congratulate you ... it's good news!
2	I just bought a new vehicle and I'm so surprised at how much better it drives than my old one. [SEP] Nice!  Nothing better than driving a smooth new car!  What kind did you get? [SEP] I bought a 2019 Jeep Grand Cherokee! Thing is hella nice!	I bought a 2019 Jeep Grand Cherokee! Thing is hella nice!	Noice! Ha ha, that's so funny.  I have a 1999 Jeep Grand Cherokee.....I bet its like night and day! Take that baby out and ride it with the windows down and the music up!
6	My brother got a new car. I am a little envious of what he got	My brother got a new car. I am a little envious of what he got	What kind of car did he get?
7	My kids were sweet when they wre babies [SEP] Aw, are they not anymore? [SEP] They are bundles of never ending energy now lol	They are bundles of never ending energy now lol	LOL! I hear that :)
6	I am content right now, I have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends [SEP] That's awesome! It sounds like your life is going pretty smoothly :) Any big plans? [SEP] Not anything huge, just saving to move out right now	Not anything huge, just saving to move out right now	Oh awesome! Did you buy a house?
6	She talks to him on the phone regularly. I have expressed my discontent but she doesnt seem to care [SEP] Who does she talk to on the phone regularly? [SEP] His name is chad. Apparently they were childhood friends.	His name is chad. Apparently they were childhood friends.	So why does that make you discontented?
6	Someone hit me in the mouth and I lost a tooth.	Someone hit me in the mouth and I lost a tooth.	Oh damn! How long ago was that?
5	My debit card was blocked and called my bank to resolve the issue. Can you believe it, it took me hours until i could get to a representative. What an unacceptable level of customer service they have	My debit card was blocked and called my bank to resolve the issue. Can you believe it, it took me hours until i could get to a representative. What an unacceptable level of customer service they have	Yikes, maybe it's time to switch banks
4	I was so happy I graduated High School. I didn't think I would make it!  [SEP] I am sure that was a good day for you [SEP] It really was. I was overcome with joy!	It really was. I was overcome with joy!	I am happy for you
8	I am in a long disance relationship	I am in a long disance relationship	That must be hard sometimes, but I guess also has its advantages. 
4	The hurrican that came through completely destoryed my house	The hurrican that came through completely destoryed my house	Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry! Where are you staying now?
0	I cant believe that I won $100 on a scratch off ticket. I think I am going to buy a new pair of shoes with it. I cant wait to go cash it in. [SEP] $100! I have never won that much! [SEP] I was super pumped up. I cant wait to go get those shoes after work today.	I was super pumped up. I cant wait to go get those shoes after work today.	I wouldnt even know what to do with an extra $100
4	my sister used to live in the apartment across the hall from me [SEP] That's great!  Did she move recently?  Do you miss her? [SEP] She moved recently. Its pretty lonely over here now	She moved recently. Its pretty lonely over here now	I'm sorry.  That can be so tough when you're used to her being so close.  Did she move far away?
1	My son started writting. He is three years old. He is making so much progress.	My son started writting. He is three years old. He is making so much progress.	Wow! That is awesome!
7	There was a wild or ferril cat that hung around my house for months. I fed him and took hi to the vet to be neutered. Instead of releasing him, I kept him. [SEP] Now, that is what happens when you are a cat lover. [SEP] Yeah, tell me bout it. I had adopted his sister a few months before, so now I have 5.	Yeah, tell me bout it. I had adopted his sister a few months before, so now I have 5.	You are so kind. I'm never good with pets.
7	My new neighbor is pretty cute. Going to talk to her tomorrow.	My new neighbor is pretty cute. Going to talk to her tomorrow.	I wish you luck.  You have to meet the right one some day!
4	I got mad when I lost my dog [SEP] Oh no! I would have too. Did you find him? [SEP] no, he dug a hole and ran away.	no, he dug a hole and ran away.	Oh... Interesting. A hole under the fence? I'm sorry to hear that.
2	I finally got promoted! It's been a rough 5 years but I got it! [SEP] Oh wow! Congratulations on getting promoted, that is awesome!! [SEP] I've had to put up with so much red tape and it finally paid off today! Thank you so much!	I've had to put up with so much red tape and it finally paid off today! Thank you so much!	I bet, that's usually how it goes, but so glad to hear of your promotion. I bet you're super happy!
5	My friend got to play golf today. I wanted to, but I had to work [SEP] That's a bummer!  Were you upset about it? [SEP] I was just envious of him	I was just envious of him	yeah, I can understand that.  Maybe next time you'll get to go and he'll have to work!
4	I lied to my girlfriend. I felt bad [SEP] why did you lie to her? [SEP] I was being selfish	I was being selfish	Say sorry to her and develop your love!!
7	My son passed his exams at school with good grade. I am so proud of him	My son passed his exams at school with good grade. I am so proud of him	Wow, congratulations to him! He must have been studying very hard for his exams.
1	I made all A's in my classes last semester. I did not think I was capable of that. [SEP] Wow, great job friend, that is no easy feat! [SEP] It has really inspired me to do well in my new semester.	It has really inspired me to do well in my new semester.	Good, use it as a catapault, that is a great idea!
6	My landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so I had to leave my dog with my parents.	My landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so I had to leave my dog with my parents.	That's too bad. I can't have dogs in my apartment either. Why won't they let you have one?
0	In high school it felt like everyone had their first kiss before me. [SEP] At least you finally got one! Sometimes it helps not to focus too much on what everyone has has or has done. [SEP] It took so long and I was getting envious of everyone else	It took so long and I was getting envious of everyone else	I get it, everyone wants their first kiss like yesterday! It's a big moment!
4	I was pretty angry when my mom wanted to divorce my dad. I thought she was crazy	I was pretty angry when my mom wanted to divorce my dad. I thought she was crazy	ooooh thats so bad what happened
1	Hi friend. I have had a lot of problems with my girlfriend [SEP] I've been there. That must be rough. What's going on ? [SEP] well actually it is going well, we have managed to work a lot of things out and have stayed true to each other. I am excited for the future.	well actually it is going well, we have managed to work a lot of things out and have stayed true to each other. I am excited for the future.	I am happy you worked it out. Stay loyal to each other. It's the most important thing
7	My girlfriend and I recently broke up.  It's hard being in a house by myself all the time	My girlfriend and I recently broke up.  It's hard being in a house by myself all the time	oh its really frustrating and not fair
3	I feel bad [SEP] Hmm.. what's that mean? Do you feel like you did something wrong? [SEP] In the past couple of months I have barely cooked. We have eaten a lot a fast food. 	In the past couple of months I have barely cooked. We have eaten a lot a fast food. 	Ah, I see. Yeah, that's an easy habit to have. I would be that way too if I wasn't too cheap to spend money. I just try to do a lot of croc-pot stuff since I stink at cooking and am poor
1	I am applying to grad school. [SEP] Oh wow! Congratulations! I also recently applied for grad school to study Computer Science (seriously). What are you wanting to study? [SEP] I'm going to study School Psychology!	I'm going to study School Psychology!	That is very cool! I don't know about you, but I have been stressed out about the whole process.
1	I just won $300 dollars on a scratch off ticket. It feel really good. I can pay some bills with it.	I just won $300 dollars on a scratch off ticket. It feel really good. I can pay some bills with it.	That is wonderful news. That is a lot of money to win. I am happy for you.
8	A week ago, i bought a brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 for myself. Phone is incredible and all my expectations about it was met [SEP] Awesome! So you'd recommend it if I were looking for a new phone? [SEP] Indeed. For $700, this phone is above expectations. Latest iPhone versions are becoming so overrated with inflated prices	Indeed. For $700, this phone is above expectations. Latest iPhone versions are becoming so overrated with inflated prices	I've never been a phone of Apple anyway. I had the first iPhone and wasn't impressed so I never tried again.
8	I felt really happy last night when my abused dog started running around and playing!	I felt really happy last night when my abused dog started running around and playing!	That is great, what was wrong with the dog, how was it abused 
7	My boyfriend just turned around the other day and proposed to me while we were taking a walk! [SEP] You must be the luckiest girl on earth [SEP] I sure feel like it!  It was definitely unexpected but I'm thrilled!  He got be a beautiful ring with a diamond in it from his grandmother.	I sure feel like it!  It was definitely unexpected but I'm thrilled!  He got be a beautiful ring with a diamond in it from his grandmother.	Congratulations girl :)
1	I am surprise about the economy nowadays [SEP] How come? [SEP] I tought Trump would break the economy	I tought Trump would break the economy	Ah yea, I guess he hasn't yet.
2	My father in law is having a heart surgery next week. I am aiming for best result [SEP] Why does he need surgery then? [SEP] it's angioplasty for the valve block. I have hope it will go through alright	it's angioplasty for the valve block. I have hope it will go through alright	I hope it does too!
8	I quit my job without having another one lined up.  I'm hopeful and optimistic that I will be okay and that this was the right choice.	I quit my job without having another one lined up.  I'm hopeful and optimistic that I will be okay and that this was the right choice.	I'm sure you will be able to get another one fairly quickly!
1	In university, for my major of social work, we all get mandatory internships where they place us in certain ones and we have no control over it. Some other students received cool internship placements, and I feel like mine doesn't compare. Kind of disappointed I didn't get something more interesting [SEP] That's unfortunate. At least you can use the experience with your current internship to get you to another place you want to go! [SEP] Yeah, that's kind of true. We can't change them while in school. They have to place so many people, so they can't really give people the flexibility of choosing where they want to go, or else that would get too complex and hectic. So, I understand that. But still.. some of these places don't match up to some others. I'll be twiddling my thumbs and not learning much, while others will get a good experience. I guess I just have to make the most of it.	Yeah, that's kind of true. We can't change them while in school. They have to place so many people, so they can't really give people the flexibility of choosing where they want to go, or else that would get too complex and hectic. So, I understand that. But still.. some of these places don't match up to some others. I'll be twiddling my thumbs and not learning much, while others will get a good experience. I guess I just have to make the most of it.	That's a great attitude. You will be fine, and can use this as a learning experience
4	Me and my wife have been to have a child for the past year. I just learned last week that I can't have kid. It is terrible.	Me and my wife have been to have a child for the past year. I just learned last week that I can't have kid. It is terrible.	I am sorry you had to hear that
8	I am super ticked at people who just want to make everything upsetting for everyone else.  [SEP] What do you mean by that? [SEP] You know those people who are just miserable and in a bad complaining mood and they hate it when you're happy and just want to be mean?	You know those people who are just miserable and in a bad complaining mood and they hate it when you're happy and just want to be mean?	Those people need to find something better to do with their time! Get a hobby, people!
6	You know its funny, my first date used to be a bad memory, but now its kind of funny. [SEP] What happened on the date [SEP] Oh took the girl to a football game and she flirted with another guy the whole time.	Oh took the girl to a football game and she flirted with another guy the whole time.	A pro game?
7	I am going back to school this semester and decided to get everything ready well in advance. 	I am going back to school this semester and decided to get everything ready well in advance. 	Good for you. Being prepared is half the work of academia. 
4	I recently discovered that a coworker's decision have led to me having a big increase in my workload - it was super disappointing!	I recently discovered that a coworker's decision have led to me having a big increase in my workload - it was super disappointing!	I am very sorry! That is very frustrating! Can you speak with a supervisor about the situation?
2	I'm just getting older and older. I feel so far away from my childhood when things felt so very open ended.	I'm just getting older and older. I feel so far away from my childhood when things felt so very open ended.	REALLY.. OLD AGE IS A PART OF OUR LIFE.. BETTER ENJOY THAN FEELING SAD
6	I can not wait to go see my grandfather in December.	I can not wait to go see my grandfather in December.	That sounds exciting! Are you going to see him for the holidays?
5	I am really looking forward this weekend because a good friend of mine got some concert tickets. [SEP] Oh that's cool! What kind of concert is it? [SEP] My friend got some to Jay-Z and Beyonce together, I am a big fan of their music.	My friend got some to Jay-Z and Beyonce together, I am a big fan of their music.	Oh that's a big one! That should be an amazing show!
2	Me and my cousin just reconnected [SEP] Interesting. What lead to that? [SEP] Well she moved away to college and didnt come back after graduating.  [SEP] Were you guys close when you were younger? [SEP] Yes. very. we are the closest in age. We see each other when she comes to town but we had a 6 hour conversation on the phone today and it was like the old days	Yes. very. we are the closest in age. We see each other when she comes to town but we had a 6 hour conversation on the phone today and it was like the old days	Man it's so much fun to just have a good conversation with people. 
7	I decided to take the risk and start my own gym downtown. I think it'll do well, though! I know a lot of power lifters and bodybuilders.	I decided to take the risk and start my own gym downtown. I think it'll do well, though! I know a lot of power lifters and bodybuilders.	Wow, congratulations! That is a really cool endeavor!
5	I cooked for family last week and it tasted pretty bad. I know they noticed, but they didn't say anything. [SEP] Your family was being polite. If I did that my family would order a pizza, hah. [SEP] I can tell they were just being polite too. I let myself down. I'll have to focus more next time.	I can tell they were just being polite too. I let myself down. I'll have to focus more next time.	It's all good. Maybe you should try something simple like Hamburger Helper. Can't really  mess that up.
6	I'm very proud of my daughters. [SEP] Thats great! How many do you have? [SEP] I have two, ages 10 and 13. They are musicians.	I have two, ages 10 and 13. They are musicians.	Wonderful! What kind of instruments do they play?
7	I lost 20 pounds this year. Think I'll look great in my suit.	I lost 20 pounds this year. Think I'll look great in my suit.	Congratulations! How did you go about losing so much weight?
6	I literally had the worst day every yesterday at work, but when I came home my entire night was made perfect! Guess what I had waiting for me?  [SEP] No idea, what was it? [SEP] A spotless clean home, and HOT dinner on the table. Its priceless to get hot food when you are a mom. lol 	A spotless clean home, and HOT dinner on the table. Its priceless to get hot food when you are a mom. lol 	I love having a clean home and warm food! No better feeling. Did your husband do this for u?
7	I know time are hard, but i'll make it [SEP] Don't you worry, your tomorrow might be great. Just take it each day at a time. [SEP] I know, but when it rains it pours. I'm just glad I have you to talk to.	I know, but when it rains it pours. I'm just glad I have you to talk to.	They say problems shared is halved solved. I wish you the very best. Remember never give up in life.
6	I got surprised by winning a trip to disneyland this weekend! I am overjoyed!	I got surprised by winning a trip to disneyland this weekend! I am overjoyed!	Is it all expenses paid?
3	Im still pretty cool with my ex. [SEP] That's good to hear. [SEP] We didnt end well but we moved past it.	We didnt end well but we moved past it.	That's good that you can get through and hopefully still care about each other.
5	My boss brought me some coffee out of the blue. I was surprised yet happy by that. 	My boss brought me some coffee out of the blue. I was surprised yet happy by that. 	Maybe he wants you to work the weekend.
3	I cheated on my diet today. 	I cheated on my diet today. 	That's not so bad. Everyone cheats on their diet from time to time. I would just pick up where you left off.
7	I get to go to the zoo this afternoon. [SEP] I be you cant wait! Seeing exotic animals is so exciting! [SEP] I haven't been to the zoo in more than a decade too! [SEP] This will be fun! I bet your full of joy right now! [SEP] I'm looking forward to it.	I'm looking forward to it.	Im excited for you! Enjoy your day!
3	I sure miss the days when I was young and living at home. We had a nice house and all I had to do was schoolwork and play with my friends. [SEP] True, you must be feeling nostalgic, kids going back to school and all [SEP] Yeah now I have responsibilities. I wish I could go back to how things were.	Yeah now I have responsibilities. I wish I could go back to how things were.	Someone needs to invent a time machine!
4	I was waiting on my best friend to come over so we could watch a movie but she did not show up.	I was waiting on my best friend to come over so we could watch a movie but she did not show up.	I'm sorry. I now that must have been a let down. Can you guys reschedule?
1	i was truly a party faithful,had work rigorously for the election my party won	i was truly a party faithful,had work rigorously for the election my party won	Amazing! I'm so proud of you for your dedication! 
3	when my long time girl friend left me , i felt so alone even tho i have family and friends around me i just was not there i lost a lot of weight too [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. That's a pretty common response to break ups. A lot of people go through it, so you're not alone! I hope you pull through soon. [SEP] thank you for your honest response , and i did get over it , just took a few months 	thank you for your honest response , and i did get over it , just took a few months 	That's great to hear! I'm sure you'll find someone better soon.
6	My mom can be really mean sometimes. [SEP] My mom can too, What did she do? [SEP] She yelled at my girl for something stupid. I was pissed. [SEP] Sometimes our mothers forget, that you are adult and thats not her child. [SEP] I don't know if she will ever remeber that she isn't. [SEP] Would you? [SEP] Yes! My mom is crazy.	Yes! My mom is crazy.	Arent they all!
2	I just made a new friend. [SEP] really? How did you meet them? [SEP] I met them at the store. But there is more..	I met them at the store. But there is more..	I hope they aren't like a crazy stalker or anything.  Be careful!
1	I didn't have enough money to pay for my groceries and had to put something back. There were a lot of people in line. [SEP] oof thats not a fun siutation [SEP] I was mortified. I probably could have started a fire with just the color of my face.	I was mortified. I probably could have started a fire with just the color of my face.	thats a vivid description haha
4	was very sad to hear of my friends passing	was very sad to hear of my friends passing	I'm sorry for your loss. That sa to hear.
8	I cheated at cards. [SEP] Did you feel bad about it? [SEP] Not until right now, I won the game.	Not until right now, I won the game.	Sometimes we do things that we don't regret at the moment but do later on down the road.
0	I couldn't believe that I received an A on my final that I didn't even study for [SEP] That's great!  Congrats.  Which class? [SEP] MIcrobiology. I thought I failed the final for sure. Maybe the professor curved it, or maybe I'm just insanely lucky.	MIcrobiology. I thought I failed the final for sure. Maybe the professor curved it, or maybe I'm just insanely lucky.	Or you really know it!  I was never great at science, sad to say!
3	I've been struggling all day. I had some carryout over the weekend and it's hitting me in the worse way. Very ill. [SEP] I am so sorry to hear that. Are you feeling nauseated?  [SEP] I was feeling worse earlier, with a lot of food poisoning like symptoms. I'm just now getting over the nausea. Sorry to gross you out.	I was feeling worse earlier, with a lot of food poisoning like symptoms. I'm just now getting over the nausea. Sorry to gross you out.	You're not grossing me out at all. I'm a Paramedic/Firefighter so it takes alot to get me squirming. I hope you feel better. Drink lots of Gatorade and water to rehydrate so you don't feel awful tomorrow and try to get your hands on some Zofran for the Nausea. 
2	i hope i win the lottery this week! [SEP] Oh that would be awesome! How much is the lottery for? [SEP] about trey fitty	about trey fitty	I really hope you get it buddy
2	I am scared about my upcoming job interview, I have not interviewed in years	I am scared about my upcoming job interview, I have not interviewed in years	It's really easy if you think of it as a relative you don't really want to talk to, polite and to the point
1	MY daughter acts just like I did when I was 13 [SEP] I guess children could have that tendency, how fun [SEP] I know exactly what stories from my youth would entertain her.	I know exactly what stories from my youth would entertain her.	That is amaziing!
4	My mother passed away recently and it was a really hard time. When I returned to work my coworkers got me flowers and made me feel welcome.	My mother passed away recently and it was a really hard time. When I returned to work my coworkers got me flowers and made me feel welcome.	That was really nice of them. Sorry to hear about your mother. 
6	I told my friend that a guy didn't like her. I like him so I didn't want her to go after him. I feed bad though because he might have a thing for her.	I told my friend that a guy didn't like her. I like him so I didn't want her to go after him. I feed bad though because he might have a thing for her.	What do you think you are going to do, are you going to talk to him and find out?
3	My sister had my makeup on yesterday again!	My sister had my makeup on yesterday again!	Aww dangit!  You might have to hide it better lol
7	I just KNOW I got an amazing grade on my last test... Can't wait to see it.	I just KNOW I got an amazing grade on my last test... Can't wait to see it.	That's such a great feeling! Congratulations on all the hard work you put in paying off!
1	My grandson took his first steps the other day. Can you believe it? [SEP] Oh that is fantastic!!!  I bet you're proud of him! [SEP] Yes, I caught it on video. I plan to let him see it when he gets older.	Yes, I caught it on video. I plan to let him see it when he gets older.	That's pretty cool!  You sound like an awesome grandparent! :D
6	Caught my daughter sneaking on her laptop late last night	Caught my daughter sneaking on her laptop late last night	what was she hiding ?
4	I woke up feeling down today. 	I woke up feeling down today. 	I'm sorry to hear that. What's been going on?
8	my daughter past her drivers test [SEP] That is great news!! ...... but a little scary at the same time. lol [SEP] really scary.	really scary.	Well you have to let them spread their wings at some point. :)
3	I was so sad when my cat passed away.	I was so sad when my cat passed away.	I can understand that. I lost my dog a few years ago. What's worse is I wasn't around when it happened--I was out of the state. I hope you at least got to say goodbye.
3	We're behind on a work project, but our boss told us not to worry about it and go home for the day. [SEP] Wow, I wonder why he was being so generous [SEP] We think he's a great guy. I hope work doesn't change him.	We think he's a great guy. I hope work doesn't change him.	I hope not either!
8	Seeing people in great physical shape makes me so inspired. Also, lowkey envious! [SEP] It seems like an almost unachievable goal, especially at my age. [SEP] How old are you? It's never to late to exercise?	How old are you? It's never to late to exercise?	50, yeah, but It's just not the same.
0	My dog, which I had for about 15 years passed away last week. I miss her so much. My home feels empty without her around. [SEP] That is so sad. I am sorry. Losing a pet is so hard. They are family. [SEP] That's spot on, she felt like a family member. I'm not sure if I'll ever be able to have another pet.	That's spot on, she felt like a family member. I'm not sure if I'll ever be able to have another pet.	I know the feeling. The thought of replacing them seems impossible. Only time will tell if you are ever ready for another.
5	The other day at work one of my coworkers ate my lunch I left in the break room fridge. [SEP] i bet you were frustrated with them. Did you confront them? [SEP] No, I was just upset and confused about why someone would do that.  [SEP] I agree. Im sorry for that. I hope they didnt get you too sad. Maybe they thought it wsa theirs for some reason [SEP] I guess they needed that lunch more than I did in some way, I just hope they respect my stuff in the future.	I guess they needed that lunch more than I did in some way, I just hope they respect my stuff in the future.	I agree. Go talk to them and express your frusteration and anger with them. Maybe he will get it. 
0	Really not looking forward to having to pay student loans once I graduate. Why does it cost so much to get an education? How do young people survive right out of college when they get slammed with all of this debt? It seems kind of rigged [SEP] I have no idea. As someone with loans myself, it makes me so angry thinking about how much money I've been robbed. I wasn't thinking at 18 years old, I didn't understand the amount. [SEP] Well it's not necessarily that it was dumb to take out loans, it's just the amount you have to take out, how expensive college is, how much interest is paid on them, how you can escape them from bankruptcy, and how you have almost no time at all before you have to start paying them back before you've even gotten on your feet after graduating... Sorry, just stressful	Well it's not necessarily that it was dumb to take out loans, it's just the amount you have to take out, how expensive college is, how much interest is paid on them, how you can escape them from bankruptcy, and how you have almost no time at all before you have to start paying them back before you've even gotten on your feet after graduating... Sorry, just stressful	No, I understand. It's really stressful and someone needs to do something about it.
1	The abused dog I took in is finally RUNNING and playing.	The abused dog I took in is finally RUNNING and playing.	Wow, that's great! You did a great thing by taking in a scared animal!
1	I was cornered outside a bar last weekend and some guys stole my wallet! I was so scared I didn't know what to do. [SEP] That is so scary! People are so desperate these days. [SEP] I know! I blame it on hard drugs and last of government support for addictions and mental health. I really was so freaked out though. 	I know! I blame it on hard drugs and last of government support for addictions and mental health. I really was so freaked out though. 	I would have been, too. I am glad you are okay!
2	I remember the particular time when I was a madly raging, that I smashed a 40oz beer on the street floor scattering all glass pieces over. 	I remember the particular time when I was a madly raging, that I smashed a 40oz beer on the street floor scattering all glass pieces over. 	I bet you wore shoes on the street for a while.
3	My dog is 6 years old.  He's my little boy.  I don't know what I would do if I lost him. [SEP] I feel the same about my dog. They really are like family members. [SEP] lol.  I know right?  What are we gonna do when we lose them?  	lol.  I know right?  What are we gonna do when we lose them?  	I will just think they are happily watching down over us and try to go on one day at a time.
0	I used to hate it when girls wouldn't text me back.  Now that I'm focused on my job and networking I put little to zero effort in meeting girls...and as a result they're the ones checkin up on me every night lmao	I used to hate it when girls wouldn't text me back.  Now that I'm focused on my job and networking I put little to zero effort in meeting girls...and as a result they're the ones checkin up on me every night lmao	Absolutely! I've always noticed that phenomena. If you act too desperate it actually puts them off. On the contrary, acting a little disinterested gets THEM more interested.
7	I was just diagnosed with breast cancer, just at its first stage, and I don't even know how to feel or what to do. Its terrifying. [SEP] Oh love! I can only imagine the feelings you must be experiencing. Do you have a good support system in place? [SEP] I have a wonderful family and a couple close friends that have been with me through my other illnesses so I know they're be with me through this.  I wish I had gone plant based sooner because dairy is linked with very high risk of breast cancer. [SEP] I'm so glad you have people to lean on -- though obviously, your experience is *yours* and no one can know exactly how you're feeling. Are you familiar with Kris Carr, with your interest in a plant-based approach to diet? [SEP] Thank you. no, I haven't heard of him/her.  I am reading a lot of Dr. Joel Furhman's books. I will look into it.  Thank you so much!	Thank you. no, I haven't heard of him/her.  I am reading a lot of Dr. Joel Furhman's books. I will look into it.  Thank you so much!	She's very inspiring -- you'll love her! Sending you ALL the best in healing vibes, love, and light!
5	My gradma has been dead for awhile. I really miss spending time with her. 	My gradma has been dead for awhile. I really miss spending time with her. 	Maybe pray and she will hear you.
7	we just found out my friends mom has cancer [SEP] That's so unfortunate. My condolences. Is there anything you can do to help? [SEP] I dont think so but we all have been parying	I dont think so but we all have been parying	I wish your friends mom all the best. A miracle could happen!
0	Have you ever had that one go to person that no matter what, no matter what mess you get into they are always there for you? [SEP] Yeah - my wife. [SEP] Isn't it such a great feeling! Mine is my best friend, when I showed up at her door with my bag after my divorce- she let me stay with her without a doubt.	Isn't it such a great feeling! Mine is my best friend, when I showed up at her door with my bag after my divorce- she let me stay with her without a doubt.	That's nice of her. Make sure you let her know how you feel
1	I visited to Greece and was amazed by all the beautiful landscape I saw! [SEP] I had never visited there. But it reminds me of Athenas and that old cities [SEP] Yes, Athens is one of the oldest cities in the world! I went to an island though. I was amazed by all the rocky hills and clear waters. [SEP] Do u remember the name of that Island?  [SEP] Yes, it is called Mykonos. It's a very touristic location.	Yes, it is called Mykonos. It's a very touristic location.	I would like to visit it one day too
2	Everything seems to be going wrong, one thing after the other. I feel like I could break down but I have to trust that everything will work out the way it's supposed to. [SEP] I understand.. i wish life could be eaiser! Im sorry.. whats going on?  [SEP] A lot of things, my mom is sick and needs financial help but I can barely afford my rent after my hours were cut. I don't know if I'm going to be able to afford clothes for my daughter for school, all sorts of things.	A lot of things, my mom is sick and needs financial help but I can barely afford my rent after my hours were cut. I don't know if I'm going to be able to afford clothes for my daughter for school, all sorts of things.	sounds like a lot of stress... i hope things change for you VERY soon! 
4	My dog Ronnie just died. He was hit by a car and it was the worst thing that ever happened to me. 	My dog Ronnie just died. He was hit by a car and it was the worst thing that ever happened to me. 	Im so sorry. Thats horrible. I cant imagine how you must feel
2	My co-worker bought me lunch today out of the blue. [SEP] That was so nice! Did you enjoy it? [SEP] Yes, it was great! I was so shocked and yet so happy.	Yes, it was great! I was so shocked and yet so happy.	I bet it made your whole day different!
8	Hi friend, how is your day going today? [SEP] It's been mediocre, how about you? [SEP] My day is just lovely! I drank big coffee and had hot chats.	My day is just lovely! I drank big coffee and had hot chats.	Remember we are role-playing! Don't talk about this or any tasks! :)
3	A lot of people have doubts, but I'm really hopeful for America's future!	A lot of people have doubts, but I'm really hopeful for America's future!	i am too, i think we are headed in a better direction!
4	I find myself of people with nice cars lately. [SEP] That is good, do you like nice cars? [SEP] I forgot tosay jealous. oops. my car quit and i have to catch rides everywhere  nic cars upset me now.	I forgot tosay jealous. oops. my car quit and i have to catch rides everywhere  nic cars upset me now.	I am sorry about your car trouble, good luck with that.
5	I was going through my attic and found some of my old childhood toys	I was going through my attic and found some of my old childhood toys	You must be feeling nostalgic, maybe your kids will enjoy them
2	I was so happy I got to see my cousins when they came in town [SEP] That's awesome! How old is your cousins? [SEP] 34 and 27	34 and 27	I hope you guys have a lot of fun! I think I'm going to meet my cousin in New Jersey on the 9th? It's so nice seeing famiy members after a long time.
3	I fell bad about myself because I voted on Trump for president and I regret immensaly 	I fell bad about myself because I voted on Trump for president and I regret immensaly 	Oh well, you cant go back and change it now
0	I got cut off in traffic today and I almost hit someone because of it. It made me so angry! [SEP] I bet it did! [SEP] I get pretty bad road rage when my life is threatened.	I get pretty bad road rage when my life is threatened.	That is understandable. I have to catch myself sometimes when my kids are in the car.
5	My neighbor is a drug addict. I hear him talking alone and I see him having weird behavior.	My neighbor is a drug addict. I hear him talking alone and I see him having weird behavior.	Well, you should call 911. He might be dangerous anytime for the people in the surroundings
2	My husband went away for a weekend to celebrate his friend's bachelor party [SEP] Wow! I hope he doesn't do anything too crazy! [SEP] I don't think he will, he isn't too wild of a person. But I hope he has fun!	I don't think he will, he isn't too wild of a person. But I hope he has fun!	I hope you have as much fun as he does!
5	I just moved into a new place and I'm still waiting on a deposit from my old place. It's not looking good. [SEP] Did you leave the old place damged [SEP] Not at all. I was very diligent about cleaning everything up.	Not at all. I was very diligent about cleaning everything up.	Then you should get it back
4	My daughter has a cold today, so I'm taking care of her.	My daughter has a cold today, so I'm taking care of her.	Im sorry to hear that? Is it a bad cold?
5	My wife has out of town for a couple weeks and we just moved to this city. I feel so bored and have no one to hang out with.	My wife has out of town for a couple weeks and we just moved to this city. I feel so bored and have no one to hang out with.	Oh no, maybe try going to reddit and ask people what to do in your city!
4	I was so mortified yesterday.  I slipped and fell in the parking lot in a spectacular fashion.  	I was so mortified yesterday.  I slipped and fell in the parking lot in a spectacular fashion.  	Haha. Sorry to laugh but you said it in a funny way. Are you ok?
0	I tried spincah alfredo for the first time the other day. [SEP] how did you like it? [SEP] I loved it. I had never even had spinach before.	I loved it. I had never even had spinach before.	I'm not a big fan of spinach myself.
2	I won a year of unlimited pizza. I'm so psyched. [SEP] that is awesome!  [SEP] Yea, it is. If I'm ever tired of cooking, I can always get pizza.	Yea, it is. If I'm ever tired of cooking, I can always get pizza.	It will save you a lot of money too
5	Went camping with my husband and he forgot to grab his overnight bag. Luckily, I had a list and made sure to grab it for him. [SEP] That's great that you were able to anticipate his needs. I try to do the same for my husband. [SEP] They would be lost without us I think!	They would be lost without us I think!	Yes, I think so too.
5	I spilled my coffee on my way to work. That cost me $4 and I was really looking forward to it. [SEP] That sucks, if it had been in the coffee shop maybe it could have been replaced. [SEP] I was already five blocks away. I had to drink the gross coffee at the office. I usually dont buy coffee so I was trying to treat myself. 	I was already five blocks away. I had to drink the gross coffee at the office. I usually dont buy coffee so I was trying to treat myself. 	They have these new portable cup holders that attach to almost anything. Maybe that can help in the future.
8	Last night i was with my friends hanging out, but lied to my partner about it and told that i will be at work staying late. I did not to hear more nagging from her [SEP] Well that's not right no matter what your excuse because now you're not trustworthy see [SEP] I know. I think our relationship is headed in a wrong direction	I know. I think our relationship is headed in a wrong direction	It's better to end things than to wait for years. Don't waste any more time like I did. 4 years
1	Hillary Clinton annoys me	Hillary Clinton annoys me	She annoys me as well! She seemed pretty fraudulent in the last election.
4	I dropped my 5 dollar ice cream as soon as I left the store [SEP] Ohh that's bad. How did you feel? [SEP] Just the worst, it was one of my favorite gourmet ice creams too, salted caramel flavour	Just the worst, it was one of my favorite gourmet ice creams too, salted caramel flavour	Ohh I am so sorry. That one's my favorite too! But, I feel bad for you.
0	I had to have an MRI done on my head due to some medical symptoms, and I was really nervous about the results. [SEP] That kind of stuff is always scary.  Do you have the results yet? [SEP] Yes, luckily the doctors said that MRI showed no serious signs of symptoms such as tumors, or anything like that. [SEP] I am so glad to hear it!  Are you feeling better, though? [SEP] I feel a little bit better. I've been trying to regain some energy. Thank you for asking. [SEP] Do they have any idea what is going on? [SEP] I don't really know what's been causing the strange symptoms I've been having. I pray that my health is restored.	I don't really know what's been causing the strange symptoms I've been having. I pray that my health is restored.	I do too.  My wife has been very sick for the last 13 years and she just switched to a diet called Nutritarian and after three months is almost back to her old self.
8	i might be taking a trip to see my family within the month or within the next 4 months	i might be taking a trip to see my family within the month or within the next 4 months	Its always so exciting to take a trip or vacation.  but its even more exciting to see family
3	I'm so angry! I lent my friend my expensive, designer dress and not only did she stain it, it's torn!! [SEP] did you beat her down ? [SEP] I wanted to!! I'm never lending her anything ever again!	I wanted to!! I'm never lending her anything ever again!	im sure it will make you feel better.
7	I keep my kids picture on all of my screensavers [SEP] That's nice :)  I do that with pictures of my wife. [SEP] They keep my motivated	They keep my motivated	I hear you.  The best motivation is family.
6	I saw a piece of dried poop in my closet that I had no clue about. My dog sure is sneaky	I saw a piece of dried poop in my closet that I had no clue about. My dog sure is sneaky	I have a pesky, sneaky little dog like that too! Did you clean it up?
2	I said a little prayer before lunch yesterday, which is something I almost never do! [SEP] is something wrong? [SEP] Not really, I just felt really grateful to be alive and well. 	Not really, I just felt really grateful to be alive and well. 	thats awesome! i hope that feeling continues!
2	my brother moved to another state for work 6 months ago and hes been home sick. im going to make a suprise visit  with a massive care package with things from home that he misses [SEP] Aw that sounds sweet. You're wonderful for doing that and I'm sure you can't wait to get there! [SEP] i cant wait. im taking my mother with me too. he will love it im sure	i cant wait. im taking my mother with me too. he will love it im sure	I hope everything goes well for you!
3	Yesterday, I took a flight. During the flight, I went to toilet and a woman came just after me. She kept knocking on the door repeatedly, aggressively and multiple times.	Yesterday, I took a flight. During the flight, I went to toilet and a woman came just after me. She kept knocking on the door repeatedly, aggressively and multiple times.	Haha.  Makes it hard to take care of business, and you'd think she'd get the hint from the locked door!  I would have sat longer "just because."
8	The new semester starts at the end of the month and I think I have bought all the supplies I need to be ready. [SEP] My kids just started back Thurs and my new semester starts then too. I definitely understand [SEP] Yea, it's a bit stressful to get ready, but it goes smoothly once it begins I think.	Yea, it's a bit stressful to get ready, but it goes smoothly once it begins I think.	I'm sure it'll go fine. Usually the jitters are worse than it actually is
4	Have you ever had to lose a pet? [SEP] I have. It's definitely awful. It's much like losing a family member. [SEP] Yes, I had a party and one of my friends let him out and he was ran over.	Yes, I had a party and one of my friends let him out and he was ran over.	Oh no! What a horrible thing to happen. I'm sorry to hear that.
7	I got randomly invited to a party in a weird part of town so I was hesitant to go to it. [SEP] Oh, did you go? [SEP] Yeah and it was a great time, thankfully.	Yeah and it was a great time, thankfully.	Then all is well.
8	I believe in my son, I know he will make me proud when his result will be out".	I believe in my son, I know he will make me proud when his result will be out".	result for what
0	My niece will soon turn 20 and as she was discussing her birthday plans all I could think of was a time when she was small	My niece will soon turn 20 and as she was discussing her birthday plans all I could think of was a time when she was small	aww, it's amazing how fast time flies and how quickly kids grow up.
8	my tv keeps getting cut off, though Ive never missed a payment. [SEP] Maybe yo have a bad signal [SEP] Im thinking something like that may be the case, IU am going to keep trying different fixes, \	Im thinking something like that may be the case, IU am going to keep trying different fixes, \	My tv sed to do that. Then they moved my satellite
0	my weeks been going great at work , how about yourself ? [SEP] It's been a mix of a rollercoaster lol. [SEP] mine also , ive hated this job forever since they will never make me a full timer , and out the blue they offered me assistant manager [SEP] Wow! Are you going to stay now? [SEP] Honestly im just gonna take it for the experience and eventually quit, im still salty it took this long for a promotion	Honestly im just gonna take it for the experience and eventually quit, im still salty it took this long for a promotion	I understand! I would be too! 
6	Sometimes I feel more ready to go on a date with a super attractive girl if I've got a couple of drinks in me.	Sometimes I feel more ready to go on a date with a super attractive girl if I've got a couple of drinks in me.	You get nervous, hu?
5	Do you ever see kids playing and get taken back to your childhood? That happens all the time for me. [SEP] Yeah and how easy life was? i wish we could atleast have 1 day a year like that but to actually feel as free as them!  [SEP] What a great idea! Who do we write letters to to get that to happen?	What a great idea! Who do we write letters to to get that to happen?	Idk ourselves maybe? lol :D
1	There is a new Stephen King series on hulu [SEP] Really? I tried to use hulu once but it wasnt for me. You going to watch it tonight?  [SEP] I'm waiting for new episodes. I don't like scary stuff but it's really good. 	I'm waiting for new episodes. I don't like scary stuff but it's really good. 	I dont like scary either im a baby i guess 
3	I am ready for the weekend, I get to go see my favorite band. [SEP] Well, that's fun! I bet you are really excited about it. [SEP] Yes, I got front row tickets. It is going to be epic.	Yes, I got front row tickets. It is going to be epic.	Oh, front row tickets make it even better! Have a great time.
3	I needed to get a loan from the bank the other day. [SEP] Oh really?  What was it for? [SEP] For my business.  It was stressful at first because they wanted so much information.	For my business.  It was stressful at first because they wanted so much information.	Oh wow, I can only imagine.  Paperwork is not fun.  I hope you got it all done eventually!
0	I love waking up late on the weekends and just feeling like everything's great! [SEP] Weekends are beautiful if you don't work on them and have nothing to do! [SEP] Yep it just feels so nice to relax for a change.	Yep it just feels so nice to relax for a change.	Enjoy the weekend as much as you can for me; I work all day today!
7	I don't know why my boyfriend lied to me about seeing another woman. I thought he loved me. [SEP] Do you think it's possible that he does still love you and also made a horrible mistake? [SEP] I'm not sure, but I'm hoping that he will realize he's messed up.	I'm not sure, but I'm hoping that he will realize he's messed up.	I think that when people cheat and lie, it's because something is wrong with them and not their partner.  If he doesn't realize his mistake, then he doesn't deserve your love.  I wish you all the best!
8	I have never cheated on a girlfriend [SEP] Good to hear that you keep your word [SEP] Yes im kinda proud of it	Yes im kinda proud of it	Keep it up brochacho
8	Why are you not very happy with the service?	Why are you not very happy with the service?	They've just let me down one two many times.
8	My roommate just moved out of our dorm. [SEP] Oh is the new extra space a good thing? [SEP] Maybe, but I have never lived alone before. It is very quiet and weird.	Maybe, but I have never lived alone before. It is very quiet and weird.	I can imagine that being a bit lonely.
7	I finally get to go school shopping today! [SEP] That sounds like a lot of fun! Where are you headed to?  [SEP] Thrift stores. That's wher you find the real bargains	Thrift stores. That's wher you find the real bargains	I am a sucker for some good deals! 
4	A first cousin of mine who was on his way to obtaining his PHD was suddenly killed in a car accident caused by someone who was driving recklessly. It hurts my heart so deeply.	A first cousin of mine who was on his way to obtaining his PHD was suddenly killed in a car accident caused by someone who was driving recklessly. It hurts my heart so deeply.	im sorry to hear that, my child hood friend died in a car crash , and it hurt me for a really long time, i still have dreams about him through out the years
7	I don't know where my life is heading right now, but I believe that God knows the desires of my heart and he will get me there. [SEP] It's important to have faith that things will work out the way they should! I'm a strong believer in that! [SEP] I've gone through a lot of hard times in life, sometimes I feel as though I've had more hard times than a lot of people, and I just feel like I'm going to be blessed.	I've gone through a lot of hard times in life, sometimes I feel as though I've had more hard times than a lot of people, and I just feel like I'm going to be blessed.	Sometimes it's hard when things seem to always go against you. Just remember that God doesn't give us more than we can handle! You'll come out a stronger person in the end. I wish you the best!
8	I was so sad the other day but my friend cheered me up. [SEP] what did they do? [SEP] He bought me ice cream.  I am so thankful for him.	He bought me ice cream.  I am so thankful for him.	Ive vream works wonders
8	I had an interview and I forgot a portion of what I was saying. It was a little awkward. [SEP] Oh no ! Were you able to come up with something else to say ? [SEP] Yes! I think I recovered okay. I just moved on to my next statement. It's a bummer freezing up though!	Yes! I think I recovered okay. I just moved on to my next statement. It's a bummer freezing up though!	I understand, but I bet you did well in spite of that !
8	I remember when I was a child and I was told that I would need glasses in order to be able to see the whiteboard in the classroom and do good in school. I was so upset because I felt that the glasses made me look ugly. I was so upset. However, my classmates really made me feel better about it.	I remember when I was a child and I was told that I would need glasses in order to be able to see the whiteboard in the classroom and do good in school. I was so upset because I felt that the glasses made me look ugly. I was so upset. However, my classmates really made me feel better about it.	Yeah, glasses suck but, so does not being able to see. Good that your class mates are nice people.
6	sometimes i trust my relatives a little too much when i shouldnt	sometimes i trust my relatives a little too much when i shouldnt	Why? What happened?
8	I saw something near impossible...some Indian monks taking turns dragging forward a Subaru in neutral by their testicles...looked painful but hey it beats calling AAA I guess  [SEP] I find this context hard to believe. [SEP] It's a documentary about the Aghori Sadhus you should check it out if you're bored lol	It's a documentary about the Aghori Sadhus you should check it out if you're bored lol	Oh geez! Really, that is interesting, but why would they want too!
5	I was nervous last night during a storm. I hate when it rains hard [SEP] It can be scary, my sister's in-laws' house got struck by lightning recently. [SEP] Oh wow, was everyone okay	Oh wow, was everyone okay	I think so, not sure how the house is.
4	I lost my job last week.	I lost my job last week.	Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that.  Want to talk about what happened?
5	I've had a slight financial struggle recently. I  don't see a way out of it.  [SEP] How did you get into this situation?  [SEP] My girlfriend has gone a little crazy with spending frivolously. 	My girlfriend has gone a little crazy with spending frivolously. 	well I think she should be the one to get you out of it! Otherwise perhaps you could see a financial adviser. They might be able to help you consolidate your debts 
5	I smoked a cigarette today, after two months with out smoking. I feel bad. [SEP] That's no good, what made you smoke? [SEP] Just stress from work and financial struggles, but I should of dealt with it in a different way.	Just stress from work and financial struggles, but I should of dealt with it in a different way.	Definitely, maybe some exercise and relaxation instead?
2	I was speeding when the police was behind me [SEP] Oh, dear. did they pull you over? [SEP] of course they did.Iwas very nervous [SEP] Were you speeding? I would have been nervous too. [SEP] Iwas over 20 miles over the speed limit	Iwas over 20 miles over the speed limit	I see. Well, I hope all you got was a ticket.
6	There is something wrong with my sister in law.  She refuses to take her kids to the doctor for checkups or even when they are sick. [SEP] Wow that's pretty bad parenting. [SEP] That's what my husband and I think.  I mean even when they were babies and would run 103 fever, she wouldn't take them.  I just do not understand that at all - they are both grown now but she's pretty uninvolved with either of them.	That's what my husband and I think.  I mean even when they were babies and would run 103 fever, she wouldn't take them.  I just do not understand that at all - they are both grown now but she's pretty uninvolved with either of them.	Is it for religious reasons
6	I saw a guy scratching his behind on the train this morning.	I saw a guy scratching his behind on the train this morning.	That is weird. Did you say anything?
2	Today at dinner, another man was checking out my girlfriend.	Today at dinner, another man was checking out my girlfriend.	Oh goodness, I bet that made you jealous!
8	My sister had been feeling down after a breakup. [SEP] I'm really sorry to hear that. What's worse is the best thing for breakups, the only thing that really helps, is time passing by. But the people who are hurting, in the moment, they can't really understand or accept that. So, you feel like you have to help and do something, when in reality it's probably best you don't smother them and that they have space. I hope she feels better, though. [SEP] I talked her into coming over to my apartment to watch funny movies and eat junk food to get her mind off of it.	I talked her into coming over to my apartment to watch funny movies and eat junk food to get her mind off of it.	Yeah, that's a good idea. That's always a solid way to go about it. My roommate had a breakup 6 months ago. I tried not to give any advice that was too specific, because the best solution always has to come from that person themselves. My roommate ended up just focusing on himself as much as possible, diving into artistic endeavors, trying to work out, etc.
4	i feel kinda bad	i feel kinda bad	Oh I'm sorry to hear that, why's that? :(
8	Went on the very first job interview after graduating. I was nervous, but I felt like it went fairly well. They said they would contact me soon, but it's been a week. I'm not sure what I should do at this point, but I'm staying positive.	Went on the very first job interview after graduating. I was nervous, but I felt like it went fairly well. They said they would contact me soon, but it's been a week. I'm not sure what I should do at this point, but I'm staying positive.	They probably have to interview everyone else but it sounds promising!
2	i hope i win the lottery this week! [SEP] Oh that would be awesome! How much is the lottery for? [SEP] about trey fitty	about trey fitty	I really hope you get it buddy
1	I have a meeting Monday and I'm gonna do great I think.	I have a meeting Monday and I'm gonna do great I think.	That's great, that means you're prepared
6	i felt all alone the other day [SEP] I hear you! What made you feel all alone? [SEP] kids were gone for the weekend	kids were gone for the weekend	Oh okay! Where did they go?
5	I am really into giving and receiving good customer service.  It's something about excellent customer service that really makes a different in your day.	I am really into giving and receiving good customer service.  It's something about excellent customer service that really makes a different in your day.	Yes, I think people that work these jobs should call in sick when they are not in a mood.
0	I was driving on the freeway the other day and there was a car ahead of me that was swerving bad. This really bugs me but I had no where to go on the road other then to slow down and fall back to get away from that car. [SEP] According to my knowledge and understanding, I believe that you did something really prudent [SEP] Thank you. I really couldnt get too far away from the car but fortunately after several minutes of this we passed a state trooper who then pulled them over. I really wish people didnt drive so dangerously. 	Thank you. I really couldnt get too far away from the car but fortunately after several minutes of this we passed a state trooper who then pulled them over. I really wish people didnt drive so dangerously. 	Moderation in driving is important to avoid dangerous situations
5	i had my friend over and my family started saying stuff that made me so embarrassed [SEP] Have you ever knew some that got to do everything you wanted to but couldn't? Well have and its not fun. [SEP] why don't you try harder next time?	why don't you try harder next time?	I think I will . Thank you for your advice.
7	I knew I was going to get into a school that I wanted. I just worked hard for it to happen	I knew I was going to get into a school that I wanted. I just worked hard for it to happen	That's awesome! Congratulations! Are you in college?
8	I remember when kids would play out in the neighborhood.	I remember when kids would play out in the neighborhood.	those were the good times, now kids just want to be on their phones
2	I'm worried my dog is sick. He has been moving around slow recently.	I'm worried my dog is sick. He has been moving around slow recently.	Oh no I hope that he pulls through!
8	My coworkers threw me a birthday party.	My coworkers threw me a birthday party.	those are some good coworkers!
1	I'm not sure if my boyfriend wants to get married yet. I won't rush him though. [SEP] Communication is key, have you talked to him about it? [SEP] Yeah, but it doesn't seem like he's in a rush. He's 35 though....	Yeah, but it doesn't seem like he's in a rush. He's 35 though....	Age doesn't amtter, show him you are ready.
0	My friend likes to learn new things sometimes, and he recently learne to juggle several items at once! [SEP] That's pretty amazing. I have tried juggling 3 small objects before and felt like it was impossible.  [SEP] Same here. I have no idea how he does it...but it's quite amazing to see. I'm somewhat envious	Same here. I have no idea how he does it...but it's quite amazing to see. I'm somewhat envious	I can understand that. After my failed attempt, my oldest son, then 13, came in the room juggling successfully a few minutes later. He watched a youtube video and learned in about 15 minutes...
6	I was so so happy when I finally saw my school grades.	I was so so happy when I finally saw my school grades.	That's fantastic. How did you do?
6	My friend never got back to me about our vacation plans	My friend never got back to me about our vacation plans	oh. was it cancelled?
3	I got really upset when I got home today and my cat pooped on the bed. [SEP] Gross!  I would have been super mad if my cat did that!  What did you do? [SEP] I had to clean it up, but not before I yelled at her and showed her what she did.	I had to clean it up, but not before I yelled at her and showed her what she did.	Yeah, I would have done the some.  Hopefully that never happens to you again.
2	I went rock climbing the yesterday. [SEP] That is interesting. Did you have a good time? [SEP] I did! Although I was so afraid peering down from the top of the mountain. It was unreal.	I did! Although I was so afraid peering down from the top of the mountain. It was unreal.	I bet! I would be too scared to even try!
6	I recently forgot my parent's wedding anniversary. My mom's feelings were really hurt.	I recently forgot my parent's wedding anniversary. My mom's feelings were really hurt.	That's so sad. did you apologize to her?
8	I'm optimistic about my finances. I've been trying hard to pay back the debt on my credit card.	I'm optimistic about my finances. I've been trying hard to pay back the debt on my credit card.	You can do it
1	My brother has nicer shoes than me. [SEP] Wow, what a show off. Would you say they are nicer by a large margin? [SEP] I would say they are Gucci.	I would say they are Gucci.	Okay I see your point, I think they make really eye catching shoes.
5	My mother in law cannot mind her own business. [SEP] Yikes! You got one of the bad ones. They sure makes things hard.  [SEP] She really does - she is always trying to bend my husbands' ear to her way of thinking we should do things - with our house, our kids, etc.. and she never listens when he tells her that's enough.	She really does - she is always trying to bend my husbands' ear to her way of thinking we should do things - with our house, our kids, etc.. and she never listens when he tells her that's enough.	Maybe he needs to break away from her a bit. Maybe then she will mind her own business. 
7	one time on my birthday i never expect much to me is just a regular day , then i get a package in the mail it was copic markers my friend mailed them to me from another state i was so happy	one time on my birthday i never expect much to me is just a regular day , then i get a package in the mail it was copic markers my friend mailed them to me from another state i was so happy	wow surprise gifts are the best!
2	I've been sick and it's been hard to take care of my 3 kids during the day. My husband came home early from work to help out, I'm so thankful for him. [SEP] Being sick does stink at times. But at least your husband is there to assist when in need. [SEP] It makes everything a little easier to deal with.	It makes everything a little easier to deal with.	Hopefully your kids also understand and aren't being a handful.
7	I am getting a good business this year from office.  [SEP] Very nice. I am sure you deserve it. [SEP] thank you!! i can't wait to spend the bonus. So excited	thank you!! i can't wait to spend the bonus. So excited	Good for you. Buy yourself something special.
1	I'm a computer tech and it really bothers me when people go on about their computer issues. Especially when the issue was already resolved before I called them.  [SEP] That is frustrating! Most people don't know basic trouble shooting skills.  [SEP] Yes. And they also think we have nothing better to do then to just sit and wait for their call. grrrr. 	Yes. And they also think we have nothing better to do then to just sit and wait for their call. grrrr. 	Yeah, it can be hard to be patient with people like that. 
0	My girlfriend is the only girl on her speech team. She'll be gone with her team for 2 weeks [SEP] Oh no, are you worried about her? Do you think she will be faithful? [SEP] I'm worried the guys will try something, but I totally trust her.	I'm worried the guys will try something, but I totally trust her.	Yes I agree, guys are a little let reliable sometimes. 
4	My girlfriend and I had an argument this afternoon, while she's about to go away to see relatives for a week. It's kind of a bummer because we don't really communicate that well, especially when it comes to arguments. It usually devolves into us rather not talking instead of trying to fully speak out our issues.	My girlfriend and I had an argument this afternoon, while she's about to go away to see relatives for a week. It's kind of a bummer because we don't really communicate that well, especially when it comes to arguments. It usually devolves into us rather not talking instead of trying to fully speak out our issues.	I am sorry, I guess some friends just argue like that
6	I am going to see a concert soon. I haven't beena ble to see live music in a while.	I am going to see a concert soon. I haven't beena ble to see live music in a while.	I haven't either. What kind of music?
1	I never thought I'd say it but these days I'm just stoked waking up and living the dream...I'm fully self-employed and answer to NOBODY and I have full autonomy of time, making more money than I did my previous crappy job...it's great	I never thought I'd say it but these days I'm just stoked waking up and living the dream...I'm fully self-employed and answer to NOBODY and I have full autonomy of time, making more money than I did my previous crappy job...it's great	You must feel so content at this point. It must have taken a lot of hard work to get to this point!
3	I'm ging to find a new job this week	I'm ging to find a new job this week	Good luck! I hope you find something good!
4	One day, I was expecting to get a call from someone later on that day but they never called me. [SEP] Who was it? [SEP] A friend	A friend	Im sorry they did that.  That wasn't very cool.
1	I just bought a pair of jeans and wasn't expecting them to fit very well but they did	I just bought a pair of jeans and wasn't expecting them to fit very well but they did	Its always nice to find clothes that fit well
7	I got a promotion at work!	I got a promotion at work!	Congratulations. Did you get a raise too?
0	I'm so excited to relocate to AZ for my husband's work (temporarily), but kinda scared! [SEP] That does sound exciting! Why are you scared? [SEP] I don't know anyone there and all my family is a 22 hour drive away	I don't know anyone there and all my family is a 22 hour drive away	Oh, that is definitely a change! But at least you can still keep in touch nowadays.
0	Game of Thrones only has one season left [SEP] Is that a favorite of yours?  I've never watched it. [SEP] it is my favorite the last season will be bittersweet	it is my favorite the last season will be bittersweet	I know how you feel. I've had shows that I've loved that have ended and it's like losing a best friend.  I'm sorry it's ending.
7	My parents are coming to stay with us next week. [SEP] That is nice of them. [SEP] I already have the house all clean and the guest room ready for them.	I already have the house all clean and the guest room ready for them.	You are well prepared.
1	I sent a parcel to my cousin recently and it never arrived. It cost me $50 	I sent a parcel to my cousin recently and it never arrived. It cost me $50 	Wow! Some delivery driver must be excited about their latest acquisition! 
2	I had 2 cups of ice cream today. [SEP] Is that good or bad? [SEP] Good to have occasionally. I love to have it. 	Good to have occasionally. I love to have it. 	Good, enjoy it when you get it, that is what I say
7	My brother just asked me to be his best man. I'm so psyched!	My brother just asked me to be his best man. I'm so psyched!	Dang, that's a nice honor. Shows you what he thinks of you. I would like someone to ask me to be their best man one day! Congratulations to the both of you
2	I think my kimchi will win the best kimchi award at the kimchi contest	I think my kimchi will win the best kimchi award at the kimchi contest	Oh I hope it does! I bet you've got a super secret ingredient that makes it stand out from the rest of the rabble.
3	I'm having a difficult time doing even basic tasks for myself due to anxiety. But i'm hopeful that something good will happen for me. I feel bad about complaining about anxiety after finding out your mother is ill.	I'm having a difficult time doing even basic tasks for myself due to anxiety. But i'm hopeful that something good will happen for me. I feel bad about complaining about anxiety after finding out your mother is ill.	Everyone in life has problems, do not feel bad for sharing yours I hope it gets better for you.
7	My girlfriend was feeling nauseous this morning and thinks she's pregnant. She went to get tested, and I am praying that she isn't.  [SEP] I can imagine you are nervous.  What will you do? [SEP] If she isn't pregnant then I can sigh as relief. If not, then we will have to discuss our future.	If she isn't pregnant then I can sigh as relief. If not, then we will have to discuss our future.	Well, I wish you the best of luck.  I understand that is a stressful situation
4	My friend was very supportive when I was in distress 	My friend was very supportive when I was in distress 	I'm sorry to hear you were feeling that way.
2	There is a hurricane on the way to my home. I have all my emergency supplies ready to go.	There is a hurricane on the way to my home. I have all my emergency supplies ready to go.	Oh wow, I'm glad you have gotten your self prepared for a big blow. I hope you stay safe.
7	I don't know why my boyfriend lied to me about seeing another woman. I thought he loved me. [SEP] Do you think it's possible that he does still love you and also made a horrible mistake? [SEP] I'm not sure, but I'm hoping that he will realize he's messed up.	I'm not sure, but I'm hoping that he will realize he's messed up.	I think that when people cheat and lie, it's because something is wrong with them and not their partner.  If he doesn't realize his mistake, then he doesn't deserve your love.  I wish you all the best!
1	My daughter just got accepted into the National Junior Honor society.	My daughter just got accepted into the National Junior Honor society.	That is amazing! I bet she had to work hard for that.
5	I wish that when people say they are going to do something or make a promise, that they would stick to it. [SEP] I know exactly what you mean. I have been let down many times, and it's never a good feeling. [SEP] I  had plans to go out with my friends tonight, but suddenly everyone is busy now. and Im stuck home alone	I  had plans to go out with my friends tonight, but suddenly everyone is busy now. and Im stuck home alone	You can and should make the best of it. You should have a blast and binge watch some TV show!
2	Least year I took my final performance exam for my pilot's license.  I thought it was going to be easy.  I was wrong.	Least year I took my final performance exam for my pilot's license.  I thought it was going to be easy.  I was wrong.	Oh man I bet that is a very difficult test. I can't believe how many instruments are in a cockpit!
2	Im happy that the next year of uni is starting	Im happy that the next year of uni is starting	Oh! It's excellence. Hope you enjoy your next year
2	My neighbor was drunk the other night coming home, and hit my car!  [SEP] Oh no, did you file a police report? [SEP] No I didnt, but I reached out to their insurance and hes going to be paying for it. 	No I didnt, but I reached out to their insurance and hes going to be paying for it. 	That is good, glad it will get taken care of
4	My dog passed away a few weeks ago. She was 12. I really miss her.	My dog passed away a few weeks ago. She was 12. I really miss her.	Oh wow!  My dog passed away recently too so I can relate to your pain.  I am so sorry for your loss
4	I really am looking forward to seeing if my parents will buy me a dog. [SEP] Why your parents? Can't you buy it yourself, all on your own like a grown ups? [SEP] Unfortunately, I have a disability that keeps me from leaving my home so I can't search for one myself. 	Unfortunately, I have a disability that keeps me from leaving my home so I can't search for one myself. 	I am sorry to hear that. I think you should join your parents when they go shopping for a pet to a store
1	My sister showed up at my house with some delicious soup knowing that I am sick. Made me so happy	My sister showed up at my house with some delicious soup knowing that I am sick. Made me so happy	That's sweet
4	I crashed my favorite classic car.  I've had it since I was 16. [SEP] Oh no, is it able to be saved [SEP] Unfortunately, no.  I am so sad.  I will probably not even be able to buy another one because it is so rare.	Unfortunately, no.  I am so sad.  I will probably not even be able to buy another one because it is so rare.	I am sorry that happened to you
3	I stole money out of my church's collection plate. [SEP] Are you having desperate times? [SEP] I just needed money for alcohol.  I feel so ashamed. 	I just needed money for alcohol.  I feel so ashamed. 	I think you need to go and talk to someone, your pastor may be the best place to start.
5	I finally moved out of my home, because the neighbors are so annoying.	I finally moved out of my home, because the neighbors are so annoying.	That really stinks. Maybe they will take the hint?
4	I had to drink and shower in the lake yesterday because I lost my job. [SEP] What kind of job [SEP] I was CEO of Google. Now, I am a nobody. The water from the lake was so gross.	I was CEO of Google. Now, I am a nobody. The water from the lake was so gross.	I am sorry that happened
8	i was scared when i had to walk home alone the other day [SEP] OH no. Was it really late? [SEP] yea and we live in a wooded area 	yea and we live in a wooded area 	I watch too many murder shows to do that.
6	I took care of my brother this weekend. He was a little sick	I took care of my brother this weekend. He was a little sick	Is he better now ?
6	i was happy when my wife brought home our new tortoise	i was happy when my wife brought home our new tortoise	Did she surprise you with it?
5	I am sure Trump is doing what is best to our country.	I am sure Trump is doing what is best to our country.	I think the opposite, honestly.
2	Last Halloween, I went to a really scary haunted house. [SEP] Wow! What was scary about it? [SEP] It was super realistic. I had never been to a "good" one before, where there are a lot of live actors.	It was super realistic. I had never been to a "good" one before, where there are a lot of live actors.	Interesting! I bet live actors really enhance the experience!
0	I had a meal at the Cheesecake Factory. [SEP] What did you eat? was it delicious. [SEP] I had pizza, I was satisfied with my food.	I had pizza, I was satisfied with my food.	Pizza is my lifeblood, along with beer.
1	My coworkers had a birthday party for me last week. [SEP] Was it a surprise? [SEP] Yes! Somehow they planned it all without me knowing!	Yes! Somehow they planned it all without me knowing!	That is such a great feeling, they must really care!
1	I was finally able to do a handstand. [SEP] Nice. How long did that take you to learn? [SEP] Months so I was great that I was finally able to do it.	Months so I was great that I was finally able to do it.	That's really great. You should go join the circus.
4	I just found out that my girlfriend has been cheating on me. God this is the worst week of my life.	I just found out that my girlfriend has been cheating on me. God this is the worst week of my life.	I feel really sorry for you. Will you be okay?
3	Our little chihuahua was diagnosed with an auto-immune disease when she was just a puppy. [SEP] Oh no!  Were you able to take care of him with medicine or treatments? [SEP] Yes, for about 6 years.  Then she got pancreatitis and kinda went downhill from there.  We just lost her in February.	Yes, for about 6 years.  Then she got pancreatitis and kinda went downhill from there.  We just lost her in February.	I'm so sorry!  I know how hard it is to lose a pet!  I hope you are not sad for too long.  It sounds like you did everything you could to give it a great life. 
3	my kids get on my nerves when it comes to dinner time [SEP] Uh oh! Are they picky? [SEP] Now they only want fast food. Thats not cheap	Now they only want fast food. Thats not cheap	That's not cheap at all! 
1	I've been so happy lately, everything seems to finally be falling into place	I've been so happy lately, everything seems to finally be falling into place	That's great.
0	The latest economic numbers which shows the lowers unemployment rate in more than a decade makes me feel hopeful of Trump's policies [SEP] That's great that unemployment is down. [SEP] Indeed. Many criticized his policies but as it seems they are bearing their fruits lately	Indeed. Many criticized his policies but as it seems they are bearing their fruits lately	I'm ashamed to say I don't really follow politics too closely.
4	I was proud when my brother got his degree. He was the first in our family to do that so it was nice. [SEP] Thats awesome. I wish everyone could go to college if they wanted [SEP] Yeah that would be nice to have the opportunity	Yeah that would be nice to have the opportunity	yeah. if only
8	my sis ate all of my snacks yesterday [SEP] Oh, no! I bet you were mad! Was she very sorry? [SEP] no, she wasnt sorry, shes never sorry	no, she wasnt sorry, shes never sorry	Siblings! You love them but sometimes they can be such a pain!
4	I was scared and alone when my aunt died. It was so random	I was scared and alone when my aunt died. It was so random	That is terrible, I am sorry for your loss...
1	i feel very hopeful for the future [SEP] Why?  The sun is going to engulf the earth in a few billions years.  And even before that, the Y chromosome in humans is going to die out and our civilization will end. [SEP] look at the bright side! soon the robots will take over and we won't be there so no one can hurt anyone anymore.	look at the bright side! soon the robots will take over and we won't be there so no one can hurt anyone anymore.	Now that is hopeful.
0	I got told on short notice that I've got a bunch of people coming over to eat dinner. I just got back from the store and I'm ready to do this! [SEP] Oh boy. I know just how you feel. Could you persuade them to go to a restaurant? [SEP] At first I was really nervous about it, but I'm in a groove now and I just hope they're satisfied. Bring it on, I say. [SEP] Good for you! I'd be so busy yelling at my husband I'd forget to cook, lol. Do you know them well? [SEP] I certainly do, which makes it easier for sure.	I certainly do, which makes it easier for sure.	Well, that's at least something! It's when he decides to invite the boss and his wife over when you'd decided dinner was mac n' cheese - that's when it gets hairy!
1	I was really proud of my sister when she graduated	I was really proud of my sister when she graduated	I bet you were. That is a great accomplishment! 
6	THe worst thing happened the other day. I went grovery shopping and I thought I was being followed. It scared me so bad!	THe worst thing happened the other day. I went grovery shopping and I thought I was being followed. It scared me so bad!	Who was following you?!
2	I'm gone vegetarian for over a year now. I wonder how my blood results will be	I'm gone vegetarian for over a year now. I wonder how my blood results will be	I bet they will be a lot better, I heard vegetarian helps a lot with that.
4	I just lost my grandfather a month ago. [SEP] That's really sad. Were you close to him? [SEP] I was very close to him.  He was my favorite grandparent and I really miss him.	I was very close to him.  He was my favorite grandparent and I really miss him.	I am sorry to hear that. I was pretty distraught when I lost my granddad as well. May he rest in peace.
5	My neighbor just purchased my dream car and parks it in his driveway everyday.  I feel like the car is taunting me.	My neighbor just purchased my dream car and parks it in his driveway everyday.  I feel like the car is taunting me.	You must be a little jealous.  Maybe its time to save up for your own dream car?
4	I asked a girl on a date and got turned down last night.	I asked a girl on a date and got turned down last night.	Oh man, I'm sorry to hear that.
0	I am mad at the democrats. [SEP] Haha, why? [SEP] The country needs a border wall with Mexico and the dims keep blocking the resolution	The country needs a border wall with Mexico and the dims keep blocking the resolution	I disagree with both Democrats and Republicans.
0	Tired of people going 50-60 down my side street. [SEP] How fast are they supposed to be going? [SEP] 15...As in any city. There are kids and animals here and the police never do anything about these wreckless drivers.	15...As in any city. There are kids and animals here and the police never do anything about these wreckless drivers.	There's a lot of selfish people in the world, and a lot of impatient ones too. It's extremely frustrating.
4	I've had a stressful time lately. I'm trying to get to a more peaceful place, but it sure is hard. [SEP] You should take a vacation! That always helps me clear my mind. [SEP] No, that's out of the question. I'm behind on bills...so I'm trying to catch up during what is the most expensive time of year for me...it's rough.	No, that's out of the question. I'm behind on bills...so I'm trying to catch up during what is the most expensive time of year for me...it's rough.	Oh man, that is rough. I'm really sorry to hear that. Hang in there!
0	My girlfriend wants me to go to Thanksgiving at her parents this year, but I haven't even met them yet.	My girlfriend wants me to go to Thanksgiving at her parents this year, but I haven't even met them yet.	I don't envy you there. I have done the blind family meeting at a holiday dinner before. It's nerve racking. 
3	I am so mad!  All my boyfriend does is play video games 24/7! [SEP] Oh that's too bad! Have you told him how you feel? [SEP] Yes, but he doesn't care.  He only cares about his game life!	Yes, but he doesn't care.  He only cares about his game life!	That's frustrating! Maybe if you just keep putting your foot down he will eventually get the message. I hope he does soon!
5	I spilled some coffee on my lap and now it looks like I wet myself.	I spilled some coffee on my lap and now it looks like I wet myself.	I have done that way too many times,  maybe use the air drter in the bathroom?
4	I have recently started a business with my spouse. We knew it was going to work out!	I have recently started a business with my spouse. We knew it was going to work out!	wow. Am happy for you, just commit to it and it will thrive
5	I met a person at a bar recently who said they were a movie star. I believed him because I didn't know any better. [SEP] So did you find out that they were lying? [SEP] Yeah I looked up the movie he said he was in and it didn't exist. My friends tell me I am so gullible. Oh well!	Yeah I looked up the movie he said he was in and it didn't exist. My friends tell me I am so gullible. Oh well!	That's funny. Maybe you got the name wrong or something?
6	My friends set me up a huge surprise party for my birthday.	My friends set me up a huge surprise party for my birthday.	Wow thats great. Were you delighted?
6	I won some money on the lottery lately, enough to pay for a holiday for myself!	I won some money on the lottery lately, enough to pay for a holiday for myself!	That is great.  Was it a scratcher ticket?
1	Had a board meeting  to attend ,yet at the last hour, after delay ,it was cancelled 	Had a board meeting  to attend ,yet at the last hour, after delay ,it was cancelled 	That is unfortunate. You must have really angry to have wasted your time.
0	So I got all the way to the gym the other day and realized I did not pack my gym shoes. I had to drive home in rush hour to go get them. I was ticked.	So I got all the way to the gym the other day and realized I did not pack my gym shoes. I had to drive home in rush hour to go get them. I was ticked.	Dang, I would have been so upset too. 
5	My friend recommended me a restaurant. I went with my wife to try it. The food was terrible. [SEP] Maybe you should go by yourself. Normally wifes stay at home and clean. [SEP] I was expecting better from this restaurant.	I was expecting better from this restaurant.	Maybe if you go somewhere else without the girl.
5	My sister actually paid my back on time last week [SEP] Well, that's good. Did she borrow money from you? [SEP] she always does and never pays it back on time. But this time she did [SEP] Perhaps she's turned over a new leaf. It's very good of you to lend her money, even if she is your sister. [SEP] I hope so	I hope so	It's surprising how people suddenly wake up and realize that perhaps they haven't been acting as perhaps they should have.
5	There was a girl at the park today doing flips and a cartwheel. It was so crazy! [SEP] Wow. That is impressive! I can't even do a cartwheel on a mat. [SEP] Yeah, she was like a kangaroo. She was bouncing around flipping and twirling, making it look easy.	Yeah, she was like a kangaroo. She was bouncing around flipping and twirling, making it look easy.	Maybe she is part kangaroo afterall.
2	So proud of my friend for making the hockey team. [SEP] That is amazing, what level is the team? [SEP] It's a major junior team in Canada. [SEP] That is even more impressive!  I know they take hockey seriously up there, so your friend must be pretty darn good. [SEP] He really is, hoping to make the NHL some day.	He really is, hoping to make the NHL some day.	I hope he does.  It would be good to have a friend in the NHL!
5	There's been noise at my door every night at the same time. I check and there isn't anything. [SEP] Maybe someone is playing a trick on you [SEP] That's what I'm thinking. I want to catch them!	That's what I'm thinking. I want to catch them!	Set a trap. Or maybe just a camera
4	My dog died today.	My dog died today.	I'm sorry to hear that, that's got to be tough on you.
5	I just moved to a new city for work recently. I don't know anybody here and am just stuck by myself at home.	I just moved to a new city for work recently. I don't know anybody here and am just stuck by myself at home.	I think you should get out and explore.  I'm in a similar situation--moved to South Texas with zero connections/family to jumpstart my business...and I've met some pretty amazing people
6	My internet service provider cut my internet last week. I was shocked because I didn't miss the payment so I knew it had to be an error. [SEP] I would too.  What had happened? [SEP] I think it was an error on their part or the payment delayed. I even paid earlier than the due date because this has happened in the past. Maybe it's time to switch companies.	I think it was an error on their part or the payment delayed. I even paid earlier than the due date because this has happened in the past. Maybe it's time to switch companies.	Yes.  Did they admit fault?
2	i was pissed when someone left the gate open and our dog ran away [SEP] i would have been pissed too! [SEP] i hope he returns	i hope he returns	i hope so too!
3	I'm looking forward to the upcoming weekend. [SEP] I hear you on that. I'm visiting my girlfriend, but she still has to work, so the weekend is really the only time we can hang out. Do you have any special plans? [SEP] I think I'll go swimming.	I think I'll go swimming.	That's a good idea. We actually did that last weekend. I guess it makes sense to do that as much as you can before summer is over. I hope you have a nice time!
8	My mom became very ill recently and had to be hospitalized. [SEP] Oh no -- how is she feeling now? [SEP] She's doing fine now. But that was the first time I've seen her ill. Scary.	She's doing fine now. But that was the first time I've seen her ill. Scary.	Yeah, that had to be tough. I'm glad she's doing better now though. 
3	I'm 30 years old and living with my dad still. I am broke. I've been single for years. I feel like I have nothing going for me while my peers are out kayaking.	I'm 30 years old and living with my dad still. I am broke. I've been single for years. I feel like I have nothing going for me while my peers are out kayaking.	I am sure it will get better
4	Yesterday, when I was cleaning the cupboards, I dropped an antique tea cup and it shattered.	Yesterday, when I was cleaning the cupboards, I dropped an antique tea cup and it shattered.	Oh no. Was it something that was in the family or was it something that you purchased. Either way I'm sorry to hear that. 
8	Thank goodness it's already August! Autumn is my favorite season. [SEP] I can't wait for it to cool  down. It's so hot here. [SEP] Where do you live? I moved only a few weeks ago from Alabama, and it was always hot there.	Where do you live? I moved only a few weeks ago from Alabama, and it was always hot there.	Texas.  It was in the 90's today.
2	My brother flew across the country to visit me out of the blue! [SEP] That's a nice surprise! When was the last time you saw him? [SEP] A few years ago actually. He lives all the way across the US from me, so I don't get to see him much!	A few years ago actually. He lives all the way across the US from me, so I don't get to see him much!	Aw, that's awesome, I hope you two have a good time together!
4	My husband and I are going to couples counseling. 	My husband and I are going to couples counseling. 	Oh no. I'm sorry to hear you are going through a rough patch.
3	I'm going off to college soon and I'll be leaving the small town that I grew up in. It's a pretty tough thing to do, I really love this place and have a strong attachment to it. [SEP] Understandably so. You must be pretty anxious over the whole ordeal. [SEP] A little bit, but mostly excited. I do plan, if at all possible, to move back here or at least close enough to visit often. It's hard to let go for sure.	A little bit, but mostly excited. I do plan, if at all possible, to move back here or at least close enough to visit often. It's hard to let go for sure.	That's a great idea. No need to let go of the place you call home completely. I hope everything works in your best interests!
7	my little brother is my best friend, we always have eachothers backs [SEP] That's nice! It's always nice to have a good relationship with your sibling [SEP] we used to not get along so well, but now we are like joined at the hip	we used to not get along so well, but now we are like joined at the hip	i'm happy for you!
5	Well no softball tournament for me this weekend!  Not enough interest I guess.	Well no softball tournament for me this weekend!  Not enough interest I guess.	Maybe there is rain in the forecast
8	I've put in like 10hts of studies daily	I've put in like 10hts of studies daily	I can not even imagine one hour!
7	My dog is having surgery on his leg. [SEP] aww,,, poor pupper. what happend? [SEP] He fell off the bed.  I have faith he will recover though.	He fell off the bed.  I have faith he will recover though.	good vibes going out to your good boy
2	I am looking forward to the new football season. [SEP] Me too. Who do you support? [SEP] I am a Cowboys fan.  I can't wait for it!	I am a Cowboys fan.  I can't wait for it!	I hope they do well for you
8	I am so happy to have my crazy family close.  [SEP] Thats good, do yall live in the same town? [SEP] Most of us do and the rest aren’t too far out. How about you?	Most of us do and the rest aren’t too far out. How about you?	my mother lives far away, and I live with my father, but its not ideal
2	I'm ready to destroy my final today. [SEP] Well that is good! What class is it for? [SEP] Literature	Literature	Well hopefully you do well on it.
7	One of my past successes was receiving an internship offer! [SEP] Oh wow! That's impressive, those can be really hard to get. [SEP] Yep! I know I beat out other candidates for the position. But the work only just began at that point!	Yep! I know I beat out other candidates for the position. But the work only just began at that point!	Congratulations, that's great! Hopefully you like the work.
7	It was the day of the week i finally get to see my favorite grandmother.	It was the day of the week i finally get to see my favorite grandmother.	I am so happy for you!
4	My pet ferret Fuzzy died the other day. I was so heart-broken.	My pet ferret Fuzzy died the other day. I was so heart-broken.	I'm so sorry to hear that. What happened?
8	I blurted out an answer in class once only to be dead wrong. [SEP] that sucks, why did you do it? [SEP] Because i was sure I was right! i couldnt believe it.	Because i was sure I was right! i couldnt believe it.	that is such a bomber, i can relate to thinking you are right but then turning out top be wrong
4	Yesterday, I saw my best friend in the park. He was with my ex. [SEP] That's weird. Are they friends? [SEP] No, they are not! I don't know what's going on [SEP] Oh, wow. I bet you were upset. Are you going to ask him about it? [SEP] Yes I will. I was very envious of him, when I saw them together.	Yes I will. I was very envious of him, when I saw them together.	I'm sorry you are going through this.
7	Last month, my boss gave me a 10% raise, even though I didn't ask fo it. It was quite the welcome surprise! [SEP] That is great. Probably he think that you are doing a great job. [SEP] Yeah, we have always gotten along well, and he has always been very supportive of me.	Yeah, we have always gotten along well, and he has always been very supportive of me.	That is good
7	We got this new printer at work and let me tell you what [SEP] What? [SEP] It is sooo annoying!!  It doesnt even work!	It is sooo annoying!!  It doesnt even work!	Yikes! Y'all need another new printer 
4	My mom has arthritis in her neck, and the pain seems to be traveling down now.	My mom has arthritis in her neck, and the pain seems to be traveling down now.	I am sorry to hear that.. is there any physical therapy that can help her? 
7	I trust in my brothers, they very rarely let me down [SEP] It is good to have people you can count on. If you can't trust your family, who can you trust? :) [SEP] Exactly, it is a big deal to always have someone to rely on	Exactly, it is a big deal to always have someone to rely on	Totally! I also have a very trusting family.
6	I let my cousin look after my dog whilst I went on vacation this summer. 	I let my cousin look after my dog whilst I went on vacation this summer. 	Oh nice, how did it go?
7	My boss was diagnosed with cancer earlier this summer. I've been trying very hard to work extra to make things easier for her. [SEP] That is really kind of you, many people would not bother. I hope that she wins her battle. [SEP] We are very confident she will! Thankfully they caught it early, but the treatment is just really difficult. [SEP] Chemotherapy and radiation can really take their toll. There is a program through the cancer society that does a day of beauty with cancer patients. They give them a makeover, giftbags, wigs if needed. [SEP] That is wonderful! Luckily for her, because of her chemo site she won't loose her hair. 	That is wonderful! Luckily for her, because of her chemo site she won't loose her hair. 	That is excellent, and you are a truly giving person. I wish her the best.
1	I recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.	I recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.	Aw, that's so sweet of you. Doggos can be so rewarding. 
3	I'm turning 35 next year. I can't wait [SEP] I hear 35 is the new 25! [SEP] Is it? lol. I plan to go on a cruise with my close friends. Hopefully they don't flake.	Is it? lol. I plan to go on a cruise with my close friends. Hopefully they don't flake.	I hope they don't either! Sounds like the perfect birthday celebration.
3	I hate storms so much. We are supposed to be getting bad storms tonight. [SEP] Well at least after the storm, there will be some sunshine! [SEP] But until then I don't think I will be getting any sleep.	But until then I don't think I will be getting any sleep.	That's where earmuffs or plugs come in handy my friend
8	So about 2 or 3 months ago I found out the Dallas Cowboys were letting Dez Bryant go and he's a free agent.  It's disappointing to me because I'm a Cowboys fan and I like him as part of the team.  Have you heard of Dez Bryant [SEP] Sure, my dad is a Cowboys fan. He misses the days of Troy Aikman and Emmett Smith! [SEP] I agree Emmett Smith is an awesome runningback.  Dez Bryant just ran his mouth too much and was too emotional.  It's a shame and he's still unemployed.  How upsetting.  Troy Aikman was a great quarterback and a great commentator.	I agree Emmett Smith is an awesome runningback.  Dez Bryant just ran his mouth too much and was too emotional.  It's a shame and he's still unemployed.  How upsetting.  Troy Aikman was a great quarterback and a great commentator.	Yeah, I remember as a boy watching those guys. They creamed Buffalo in the Super Bowl!
7	I recently had my son and it was the best experience of my life.	I recently had my son and it was the best experience of my life.	Kids are the best
4	I just feel for an email scam [SEP] Oh no, I hate to hear that. What were they trying to sell? [SEP] They offered me a place to live supper cheap on AirBnB	They offered me a place to live supper cheap on AirBnB	I'm sorry about that.
6	I came home and my outside window to my cat room was broken.  [SEP] Cat room? I've never heard of such a thing. [SEP] A room for my cats! It makes me feel scared as I am in a bad neighborhood and would like to know what happened when I wasn't home?	A room for my cats! It makes me feel scared as I am in a bad neighborhood and would like to know what happened when I wasn't home?	Did any of the cats get out?
1	I had to take my dog to be put to sleep a few days ago. [SEP] is he okay? why did you have to do that? is he awake now? [SEP] No, he is dead.  He was really old and suffering.  I was so hurt having to do that.	No, he is dead.  He was really old and suffering.  I was so hurt having to do that.	that is so sad
4	I can't believe I thought I'd get away with this... [SEP] Get away with what? [SEP] I'm doing awful in math class. We had an assignment and I found some of the answers in the back of the book.  [SEP] Did you get caught using them?! [SEP] I did! It was awful. I got called out in front of everyone, too. [SEP] Wow! That's terrible! Maybe next time just get a tutor instead of cheating! [SEP] You got that right.	You got that right.	Sorry this happened!
3	My mom raised me and my brother by herself. I wish I could take care of her in her old age.	My mom raised me and my brother by herself. I wish I could take care of her in her old age.	wow thats great, I hope you are able to do that
4	I feel bad.. I had to leave my husband in the ICU and come home without him. [SEP] Why is he in the ICU? [SEP] He had a lung transplant Friday Night	He had a lung transplant Friday Night	I'm sorry, I hope he recovers!
4	i found out my wife has been unfaithful for the past 2 months	i found out my wife has been unfaithful for the past 2 months	Oh my, I am sorry to hear that. are you angry at her?
5	The other day at work one of my coworkers ate my lunch I left in the break room fridge. [SEP] i bet you were frustrated with them. Did you confront them? [SEP] No, I was just upset and confused about why someone would do that.  [SEP] I agree. Im sorry for that. I hope they didnt get you too sad. Maybe they thought it wsa theirs for some reason [SEP] I guess they needed that lunch more than I did in some way, I just hope they respect my stuff in the future.	I guess they needed that lunch more than I did in some way, I just hope they respect my stuff in the future.	I agree. Go talk to them and express your frusteration and anger with them. Maybe he will get it. 
1	i was all alone the other day when my kids left [SEP] Oh no. Where did the kids go? [SEP] to grandparents house for the weekend	to grandparents house for the weekend	Aw they must be having fun with grandma.
5	My cubicle neighbor at work really bothers me. He eats all day long and is always chewing loud foods with his mouth open! I can barely think with him chomping like a cow! [SEP] I hate that. That's one of my biggest pet peeves. That's such an awkward situation, because you don't want to come off as high maintenance and ask them to stop, but it'd be so easy for them to have better manners, too. I wish I had better advice. Maybe go to HR? [SEP] I could go to HR, but I don't want to be "that guy" if you know what I mean.	I could go to HR, but I don't want to be "that guy" if you know what I mean.	Yeah, absolutely. That's what I meant earlier, too, about being high maintenance. I don't know, maybe earbuds? But I'm sure you've tried that. Who knows how they would respond if you asked them personally, and if they actually did improve, they'd probably just forget and revert back in a few days anyway.
8	I want skydiving a couple weeks ago! I had to put a lot of faith into my instructor! [SEP] i bet that was fun, were you nervous? [SEP] I was since my life was in someone elses hand!	I was since my life was in someone elses hand!	it was probably really exciting though too
1	I asked a girl on a date and got turned down last night. [SEP] Oh man, I'm sorry to hear that. [SEP] It happens.  I guess i'll get over it.	It happens.  I guess i'll get over it.	Yeah, don't worry too much about it. There are plenty of others out there.
0	I've been struggling all day. I had some carryout over the weekend and it's hitting me in the worse way. Very ill. [SEP] I am so sorry to hear that. Are you feeling nauseated?  [SEP] I was feeling worse earlier, with a lot of food poisoning like symptoms. I'm just now getting over the nausea. Sorry to gross you out. [SEP] You're not grossing me out at all. I'm a Paramedic/Firefighter so it takes alot to get me squirming. I hope you feel better. Drink lots of Gatorade and water to rehydrate so you don't feel awful tomorrow and try to get your hands on some Zofran for the Nausea.  [SEP] Wow I didn't think of zofran. Thanks for the advice!	Wow I didn't think of zofran. Thanks for the advice!	Absolutely! Feel better soon!
0	I really do not like being around spiders.	I really do not like being around spiders.	yea i agree
2	I was so shocked when I saw my dog walk by wearing my underwear! Turns out he was playing in the laundry basket and got tangled in my drawers. [SEP] I would laugh so hard if that was me seeing my dog do that [SEP] It was great. I took a picture and showed my friend. He laughed so hard.	It was great. I took a picture and showed my friend. He laughed so hard.	I hope you can share it on social media so that the whole world can share in the fun :)
7	I just had a job interview and I think I nailed it. I left there feeling very confident. [SEP] That is good, that is a situation where confidence is very helpful. [SEP] I can't wait to hear back from them. I am ready for a new opportunity.	I can't wait to hear back from them. I am ready for a new opportunity.	Best of luck to you, I'm sure they saw your excitement and confidence and employers love that.
0	It is uncomfortable for the internet service to fail when I am doing something important on the PC. [SEP] Yeah it sure is. Especially when you are streaming or talking to someone in the moment. [SEP] Exactly, it causes a little impotence not knowing how to solve it.	Exactly, it causes a little impotence not knowing how to solve it.	Completely frustrating. I usually end up calling customer service and complaining until it's fixed if it happens repeatedly. 
7	I'm going on date tonight after work. I think its going to go well. [SEP] That is awesome. You sound confident. [SEP] I'm normally not but, I have a good feeling here for some reason.	I'm normally not but, I have a good feeling here for some reason.	Good for you. Good luck. Just remember to have a good time and you will be fine. 
5	I can't believe my son decided to draw on the seats of my car with permanent marker! [SEP] Oh no. It's hard to get mad at them when there really isn't anything you can do about it now. [SEP] I kept my cool with him but I am a little frustrated over it, I have no idea how to clean it up.	I kept my cool with him but I am a little frustrated over it, I have no idea how to clean it up.	Maybe a car dealership could help.
2	I am going to the beach tomorrow and I believe I have packed everything we will be needing there. [SEP] Oh how exciting! I love the beach! Are you bringing lots of snacks and drinks? [SEP] I am bringing some and beer too, but I hope I have remembered  all the rest like swimsuit, lifesavers, beach toys, towels, sun blocker , etc.	I am bringing some and beer too, but I hope I have remembered  all the rest like swimsuit, lifesavers, beach toys, towels, sun blocker , etc.	Oh yes don't forget the sun block. Very important! Well I hope you all have fun out there! I am jealous!
7	I had this girlfriend who i caught playing me with this other guy right? so i turned her in for warrents and the other guy got the blame from the cops [SEP] wow this sounds like a crazy situation. [SEP] it was great... taught her and she was calling me telling me all about him snitching her out...lol	it was great... taught her and she was calling me telling me all about him snitching her out...lol	wow, well I'm glad this all seemed to work out for you!
3	My best friend for years and I got into a fight, I said some things I regret out of anger, she won't forgive me. This is awful. [SEP] how long have you two known eachother? [SEP] 15 years, it's so very bad.	15 years, it's so very bad.	I think you just need to give it time. Hopefully she will come around.
4	what was the exam about?	what was the exam about?	I'm sorry - what exam are you talking about?  Did you take an exam?
6	A woman passed gas right in front of me at the mall.	A woman passed gas right in front of me at the mall.	Jeez. Was it audible? Smellable?
0	I really do not like it when people lie to me.	I really do not like it when people lie to me.	I really hate that too. It just hurts.
5	i'm 800 miles from my family [SEP] Wow that is very far away. Do you get to visit often? [SEP] i try but money is tight	i try but money is tight	Yeah that is a bummer. Maybe one day you will live closer together.
6	Buying some new clothes and packing [SEP] Are you also going for a trip? [SEP] Yup.  Getting ready for a vacation next month.  Taking my 3yo nephew.	Yup.  Getting ready for a vacation next month.  Taking my 3yo nephew.	Nice. Where is your destination?
5	I tried a new lasagna recipe and it turned out amazing! [SEP] Really! That's awesome! Was there something new in it you don't usually use? [SEP] Yeah quote a few ingredients and a littlr e more work but totally worth  it	Yeah quote a few ingredients and a littlr e more work but totally worth  it	I think lasagna is one of my favorite things to make
2	I just put in an application to adopt a police dog who failed his training. [SEP] I didn't even realize they let you adopt dogs that failed the training, how did it fail do you know? [SEP] Typically it's because they're too friendly or don't respond immediately to commands.  I know the process to get one is difficult, but I'm crossing my fingers!	Typically it's because they're too friendly or don't respond immediately to commands.  I know the process to get one is difficult, but I'm crossing my fingers!	Wow, I bet it will be a really good dog then. Hopefully you hear something soon!
0	I woke up with a pimple on my face and brother won't stop teasing me about it! [SEP] I know that feeling! Maturity I suppose [SEP] Perhaps so, but I wish he would just be quiet and stop pestering me.	Perhaps so, but I wish he would just be quiet and stop pestering me.	Its that feeling you have to live with for now.. Lol!
5	I was so happy today. I woke up early and ate a good breakfast then went in for my test and I know i passed it ! [SEP] Great news! You must be feeling pretty good today. [SEP] I am! it is like im on top of the world!	I am! it is like im on top of the world!	You should celebrate with a drink or a nice dinner out maybe
1	i grew up playing video games all my life, every time i go to a laundermat or just happen to come across an old arcade at a bar it brings back good memories  [SEP] I remember those good times too, playing video games is a lot of fun. [SEP] i dont have as much time like when i was a kid, but i played street fighter yesterday for like 20 minutes with my friend , and boy did we have fun	i dont have as much time like when i was a kid, but i played street fighter yesterday for like 20 minutes with my friend , and boy did we have fun	That's awesome, I love fighting games.
8	my apartment is terrible. [SEP] Can you do any work to it. I know there are a lot ideas on pinterest to perk up a place. [SEP] We aren't supposed to, but I did anyway. Got to make the best out it.	We aren't supposed to, but I did anyway. Got to make the best out it.	Keep on the lookout and talk to realtors. They usually hear of good places first
4	i had some weak feeling on my interview day	i had some weak feeling on my interview day	I'm sorry, interviews can be rough. Was there a part of the interview day that you found especially difficult?
8	I have pretty bad social anxiety. Today while I was paying for my groceries, my anxiety acted up and I ended up giving the cashier the wrong amount of money TWICE. I felt like just running out of there! [SEP] Oh no, that must have been pretty awful. Do you not have self checkout at your grocery store? [SEP] Not at this one, unfortunately. I made myself look like I can't even do basic math, when it was just my anxiety acting up.	Not at this one, unfortunately. I made myself look like I can't even do basic math, when it was just my anxiety acting up.	If it makes you feel any better, I bet that happens a lot to the cashier. They probably didn't think twice or care as long as you weren't a jerk.
3	My finances are not the greatest lately and I've been so worried. I haven't been sleeping due to stressing about this situation. [SEP] I am sorry to hear that, I hope things turn around for you soon! [SEP] Thank you! I'm working through it and I have come up with several solutions to this debt problem.	Thank you! I'm working through it and I have come up with several solutions to this debt problem.	I am glad to hear that, I hope they work out for you!
3	I lost my wedding ring. [SEP] wow that sucks [SEP] I am so hurt over it.	I am so hurt over it.	yea hopefully you find it
6	I'm leaving for my vacation soon.  I have everything all packed and ready to go.	I'm leaving for my vacation soon.  I have everything all packed and ready to go.	Great where are you going?
8	Im leaving for vacation this weekend. It has been a long time since I have had time off. I can not wait to go. [SEP] Vacations are the best.   Where are you going? [SEP] Im going to Austin Texas. We are going on the lake and ride around in the boat. Its going to be so nice.	Im going to Austin Texas. We are going on the lake and ride around in the boat. Its going to be so nice.	Ive heard a lot of good things about Austin, but ive never been.  Ive always wanted to go
8	I was listening to an old burned CD I found from the early 2000's. It brought back a lot of memories from that time.	I was listening to an old burned CD I found from the early 2000's. It brought back a lot of memories from that time.	I bet it did. I would love to listen to my old cds
2	am still expecting a call from the new company i to an interview for. i still believe i will get the job [SEP] I hope it works out for you then. [SEP] yes it will, i have strong believe	yes it will, i have strong believe	Well stick in there and you'll go far.
2	I went to the beach for the first time since I was pretty young, and the smell of the seawater triggered a lot of memories. I didn't find this out until I got back home that memories are sometimes really closely tied to scents.	I went to the beach for the first time since I was pretty young, and the smell of the seawater triggered a lot of memories. I didn't find this out until I got back home that memories are sometimes really closely tied to scents.	Oh yes they are! I love it when that happens
7	Friends threw me a surprise party yesterday.	Friends threw me a surprise party yesterday.	thats awesome , and happy birthday !!!
1	I was mortified when my jeans ripped	I was mortified when my jeans ripped	yes i am mortified jeans ripped
1	I hope to get the good news from the doctor today.	I hope to get the good news from the doctor today.	And what news would that be
7	I was throwing away my old stuff when I came across my old toys but I could not throw them out because they meant so much to me. [SEP] You shouldn't be so attached to your old stuff, you might end up a hoarder! [SEP] That is true, they have survived staying with me all these years because they brought me so much joy.	That is true, they have survived staying with me all these years because they brought me so much joy.	Well that is a good reason to keep holding on to something!
3	I got a retro video game system the other day. [SEP] Oh cool! Which one did you get? [SEP] It was a Super Nintendo Mini. It really took me back to my childhood days.	It was a Super Nintendo Mini. It really took me back to my childhood days.	Wow, I just got the NES one.  They are so nostalgic.
3	I'm so glad it finally cooled down outside! I hate heat and humidity, makes me feel so miserable	I'm so glad it finally cooled down outside! I hate heat and humidity, makes me feel so miserable	I hear you. It's been super hot and humid here for weeks. The only time i get out of the house is to go to the pool or get groceries lol
3	I went to the children's hospital to bring gifts for children who are sick. [SEP] Aw, that is so nice of you, I bet they really appreciated it. [SEP] Yes they did. It pains my heart to see them in there.	Yes they did. It pains my heart to see them in there.	Not a whole lot you can do besides make their day a little better which you have already done. They're in there to heal or get better hopefully. 
3	They dont wait for their turn 	They dont wait for their turn 	I am very confused, i hope one day they will.
7	I am waiting to see if I pass the GRE. [SEP] I hope you did it. Don't worry too much. [SEP] Thank you, I am trying my best. 	Thank you, I am trying my best. 	If you need to you can always take it again. Good luck!
4	A guy was chasing me down an alley yesterday.	A guy was chasing me down an alley yesterday.	Oh no. I'm so sorry to hear that. It must have been terrifying?
3	My friend is having a baby. What do you think would be a nice gift for a newly expecting mother? [SEP] A new mom? Good question, maybe offer to mow their lawn? I don't really know haha [SEP] Haha! That's pretty thoughtful, considering they'll be busy with baby stuff! Very creative! Lol. Thanks!	Haha! That's pretty thoughtful, considering they'll be busy with baby stuff! Very creative! Lol. Thanks!	Welcome, and yeah I always disliked mowing the lawn!
2	I was shocked to see my dog missing the other day!	I was shocked to see my dog missing the other day!	Oh, no I hope you found him and he is ok.
2	I had been unemployed for a long time until earlier this year. I originally wasn't sure if I was going to even interview for the position I did, but I'm glad I decided to. I got a call in late may from a merchandising company. I went back and forth in my mind after being rejected from many interviews over the past couple years. In the end I went for it, the interviewer liked what I had to say, and I was hired the same day! I've been working there ever since. [SEP] Congratulations!  That's awesome.  Sometimes it's scary to risk rejection, but it sounds like it totally paid off in this case.   [SEP] Yeah I'm happy I kept at it :)	Yeah I'm happy I kept at it :)	I'm about to switch careers, so I'll be doing the interviewing thing soon. It's scary.  
8	I graduated from college last year, I was so happy. [SEP] That is amazing! I went to college for a few years, never ended up graduating. [SEP] I had to study hard to do it.	I had to study hard to do it.	I studied hard for a while, but in the end it was just too much fun to party every weekend.
7	My exhusband was a soldier who was gone a lot. It got lonely. [SEP] I can feel your pain. [SEP] Unlike a lot of military wives, I didn't cheat though.	Unlike a lot of military wives, I didn't cheat though.	That is very good of you to stay faithful.
8	I was so proud that I went car shopping alone	I was so proud that I went car shopping alone	That is a very bold move.
2	I once witnessed my little brother poop everywhere.	I once witnessed my little brother poop everywhere.	oh man that's actually hilarious I hope he was a baby...?
5	I would like to go vegan, but anytime I try a vegan dish, I REALLY dislike it. Like, stomach turning dislike. [SEP] It really limits your dietary choices.  I don't recommend it.   Have you considered vegetarian? [SEP] I haven't, but maybe I'll give it a try!	I haven't, but maybe I'll give it a try!	Or you could even just drop the vege anything and just minimize your animal protein intake
1	I think the Eagles can win the superbowl again this year, they are looking really good [SEP] Did they win their preseason game?  [SEP] No but their quarterbacks did not really play, so it was expected	No but their quarterbacks did not really play, so it was expected	That's great if they quaterback is good and have a good defense they got it.
8	I heard a coworker talking down on welfare and other social support. I was offended but decided to hold my tongue.	I heard a coworker talking down on welfare and other social support. I was offended but decided to hold my tongue.	Pro's and Con's.  Those systems are abuse prone but, some people need them.
4	He just took his lunch box, have a last look at me and said : I hope they will be nice.	He just took his lunch box, have a last look at me and said : I hope they will be nice.	That sounds very sad. I am very sorry to hear you experienced that. 
2	So this weekend I went to the hall bathroom and I snake was there!  I nearly passed out [SEP] Oh my god! Did it try to bite you? [SEP] No.  It was a little garden snake.  But not something I was expecting to see at midnight on my bathroom floor.  	No.  It was a little garden snake.  But not something I was expecting to see at midnight on my bathroom floor.  	That must have been a shock. I hope you took it outside after that.
5	There is a coworker sitting next to me that he is making noise with his pen the whole day long. It is disturbing me from my work. [SEP] That's got to be annoying! Have you tried telling him to stop? [SEP] I already told him but he said he can't concentrate without having something in his hands.	I already told him but he said he can't concentrate without having something in his hands.	Maybe he should take up knitting--or something else that would be a bit more quiet.
3	My friend wrecked my car when I let him borrow it over the weekend	My friend wrecked my car when I let him borrow it over the weekend	That is a real bummer. I hope your friend gets it repaired for you.
6	My mom made a cake for my brother's birthday so I can't touch it until he eats first.	My mom made a cake for my brother's birthday so I can't touch it until he eats first.	Sounds fair. How hungry are you right now?
5	I had a tough calculus final coming up so I studied really hard until I knew for a fact that I'd pass.	I had a tough calculus final coming up so I studied really hard until I knew for a fact that I'd pass.	You should be confident. 
3	I set the burglar alarm to the house every night before bed. Around 3:00am this morning, the alarm went off [SEP] Oh man thats scary! What set it off? [SEP] Thankfully it was just the contact that had come lose, so it thought the window had opened.  I had a really hard time going back to sleep after!	Thankfully it was just the contact that had come lose, so it thought the window had opened.  I had a really hard time going back to sleep after!	I can imagine, i wouldnt have been at ease either.
6	my sister is always broke but last month she got me an expensive lawnmower	my sister is always broke but last month she got me an expensive lawnmower	oh cool how much was it? 
7	MY kids were up all night.  [SEP] THAT must have been a nightmare. How many do you have? [SEP] 2. They were just giggling and then would pretend to be asleep when I went in their room. I was exhausted today [SEP] That can be rough. I know I've dealt with that with my kids by giving them each 10 minutes of solo time before they go to bed. Allows them to get their energy out. [SEP] Ishould try that. They are 3 and 4	Ishould try that. They are 3 and 4	It should work! Let them pick what you do for the 10 minutes, then move to the other one. I've done puzzles, read books, and solve Rubix cubes with mine. Good luck!
1	I was watching the World Cup on TV recently. I was so amazed at how good those players are. [SEP] Do you play soccer yourself?  [SEP] I have only played a couple times. It is impressive how much energy they have and how good their accuracy is.	I have only played a couple times. It is impressive how much energy they have and how good their accuracy is.	It is impressive. 
5	I got a new offer in another company, but i do not want to move [SEP] No. Why not? [SEP] my current employer is so comfortable and i have my peace of mind here. i have work life balance	my current employer is so comfortable and i have my peace of mind here. i have work life balance	That's important. Maybe you're right to stick with it there.
2	I have a job interview next week [SEP] I hope you are prepared [SEP] I'm quite nervous to be honest.	I'm quite nervous to be honest.	Everything will go fine, all you have to do is be yourself
1	My son have got his engineering diploma last week. I am so happy. [SEP] Excellent, you must feel proud of him as well! [SEP] Yes, I am very proud of him.	Yes, I am very proud of him.	As you should be! It takes a lot of hard work.
8	I got invited to a trip last week and was super happy they let me join them [SEP] how was the trip? [SEP] oh no i got invited last week but the trip is next week [SEP] Oh so where are you all going? [SEP] South padre island	South padre island	I have no idea where that is but it sound exotic
3	I am sad that someone I know chooses to not take ahold of their life and have a better one.  [SEP] Well, it is almost the fact of life that irresponsible people will not last much and regret will be only consequence for them [SEP] EVen more then irresponsible but destructive. They continue to just destroy it and it's very hard to see when so many would kill to have their life.	EVen more then irresponsible but destructive. They continue to just destroy it and it's very hard to see when so many would kill to have their life.	I think over time, they will realize how wasteful and meaningless their behavior is and would start to change for better
6	I read the best book the other day!	I read the best book the other day!	Awesome! What was the name of the book?
0	I'm going sky diving this Sunday but I am a little scared [SEP] Wow, that's amazing! I'm insanely jealous! I think it's pretty normal to be scared of that though. After all, it wouldn't be nearly as much fun if it didn't terrify you, right? [SEP] Yeah that is a really good point actually! Being kind of scared could be a good thing for me.	Yeah that is a really good point actually! Being kind of scared could be a good thing for me.	Exactly! Embrace the danger. Become the danger. Do like 800 flips while you're falling through the air, but do yourself a favor and don't vomit okay?
6	I finally got my dad's birthday present.	I finally got my dad's birthday present.	What did you get him?
8	I am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, I pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk. [SEP] Oh well, you will get it clean [SEP] Yeah, I'm still trying to tackle it but it kind of makes me want to gag.	Yeah, I'm still trying to tackle it but it kind of makes me want to gag.	I guess try and get those done first
5	My husband  had to go out of town for work so I've been home alone this week. [SEP] Oh, I'm sure that's a bit boring have you had fun stuff to do? [SEP] No, actually I've been having the worst time.  I know I'm perfectly safe, but I feel like someone is going to break in or something.  I cannot sleep at all at night and end up sleeping during the day.	No, actually I've been having the worst time.  I know I'm perfectly safe, but I feel like someone is going to break in or something.  I cannot sleep at all at night and end up sleeping during the day.	I'm sorry to hear that. If your neighborhood is rough take precautions, otherwise maybe try to find a tea or something to help sooth.
7	My parents bought my wife and I a new dryer the other day. We had complained to them about our old one, and then a delivery guy showed up with the new one a week late. I was quite surprised! [SEP] Oh wow a wonderful surprise indeed! [SEP] Yeah, it was great, and totally unexpected. I feel very lucky to have parents like them!	Yeah, it was great, and totally unexpected. I feel very lucky to have parents like them!	Yes it's always good to have family!
2	My husband says he stopped drinking but I'm reluctant to believe him [SEP] That's kind of sad.  What makes you reluctant? [SEP] He's said it before and nothing's changed. I don't want to get my hopes up.	He's said it before and nothing's changed. I don't want to get my hopes up.	Well I'm sure the odds are against him, but I hope he succeeds this time.
6	A coworker of the opposite sex was recently hitting on me and trying to get me to cheat on my partner.	A coworker of the opposite sex was recently hitting on me and trying to get me to cheat on my partner.	Oh, that little rat! That was not nice of him. What did you do?
6	I am worried about my test scores coming back [SEP] Did you perform well? [SEP] I'm not sure yet, I wasn't fully prepared so I'm worried	I'm not sure yet, I wasn't fully prepared so I'm worried	Don't worry. You'll get good score.
2	I made sure to study really hard for my CPA exam. I took the exam last week and thought I knew all the answers.	I made sure to study really hard for my CPA exam. I took the exam last week and thought I knew all the answers.	I bet you will do well, sounds attentve
1	I was recently promoted at work, I was a bit surprise but happy. [SEP] Congrats! Did they just come in and say hey guess what you're getting promoted [SEP] No, they called me into the office, told me to have a seat and said that I have been promoted.	No, they called me into the office, told me to have a seat and said that I have been promoted.	That's cool. Guess all that hard work pays off!
6	I accidentally spilled my friend's secret to a mutual friend [SEP] Really? Why did you do that? [SEP] Well, it wasn't intentional it just kind of slipped out. It will probably cause some problems down the line, though	Well, it wasn't intentional it just kind of slipped out. It will probably cause some problems down the line, though	OK
8	 I rode on my boyfriend's motorcycle for the first time on the highway and I was a little anxious about it	 I rode on my boyfriend's motorcycle for the first time on the highway and I was a little anxious about it	Haha bikes can be very scary. Did you lean the wrong why, i did that my first time.
8	Didn't mean to break his glass but I totally did. [SEP] What kinda glass? [SEP] It was a mug his father gave him, I was playing with my dog and I knocked it over.	It was a mug his father gave him, I was playing with my dog and I knocked it over.	He'll probably be upset, but I'm sure he'll come around. It was an accident.
1	I once saw a woman who could contort her body in all types of ways,  It was amazing. [SEP] what types of things could she do [SEP] She could put her head between he knees and still jump up and down.	She could put her head between he knees and still jump up and down.	oh wow .. talented
4	I just ate 4 donuts by myself	I just ate 4 donuts by myself	I'm sorry you don't have someone to eat donuts with.
7	I am going to visit my friend in France next month. [SEP] oh wow.. first time going to france? [SEP] No. I usually go once or twice a year, but it has been awhile this time, so I am so happy!	No. I usually go once or twice a year, but it has been awhile this time, so I am so happy!	thats awesome .. i wish i could go there.. 
0	I'd been having computer problems for quite a while. Finally I decided to take my computer into a shop. I was shocked at how quickly and fast the tech fixed the computer and had it working like new.	I'd been having computer problems for quite a while. Finally I decided to take my computer into a shop. I was shocked at how quickly and fast the tech fixed the computer and had it working like new.	I agree, these shop mechanics can be extremely knowledgeable when it comes to computers.
8	i farted in a board meeting [SEP] How mortifying! Did anyone hear it? Did it smell? [SEP] well,you could guess the atmosphere changed with a loud bang..lol!	well,you could guess the atmosphere changed with a loud bang..lol!	Yikes! I can't even imagine how embarrassing that was.
2	My son tried out for football at our community center [SEP] How old is he? Is he excited?  [SEP] he's 4. He just wants to run around and play. I'm the one that's excited. And I know nothing about football.	he's 4. He just wants to run around and play. I'm the one that's excited. And I know nothing about football.	You will grow to love it. Football is amazing sport. Your son will love it. 
1	I confident  in my children's abilities because I taught them well	I confident  in my children's abilities because I taught them well	That's good! You should always encourage your children's talents and let them grow
5	I had to cancel on my friend tonight. I felt bad when I did too	I had to cancel on my friend tonight. I felt bad when I did too	That happens sometimes. Sometimes life just gets in the way. Heck, sometimes you just decide you can't physically do a night out, and that's okay, too. I'm sure they'd understand no matter what. Maybe you can make it up to them somehow.
1	I was a bit irritated when the police bothered me the other night when I was simply walking. They do this a lot here. [SEP] That is terrible [SEP] I know right? I can't wait to move. Seems like I can't ever go walking at night without them rolling up as if they don't have a million other things to do.	I know right? I can't wait to move. Seems like I can't ever go walking at night without them rolling up as if they don't have a million other things to do.	Police here do that sometimes. It sucks.
8	A lady left her young kid in the car yesterday alone in front of the gas station. I would have video taped it but my mom told me after she left. Anything could've happened..and too boot- we are in the ghetto.	A lady left her young kid in the car yesterday alone in front of the gas station. I would have video taped it but my mom told me after she left. Anything could've happened..and too boot- we are in the ghetto.	Some people are just so careless... I am sure your mom was keeping a good eye on the child. shame on the parent tho. 
5	I wet my pants in class today. I wish I could have gone home early. [SEP] Oh no. Why do you think that happened?  [SEP] I started drinking a gallon of water everyday. I couldn't hold it anymore.	I started drinking a gallon of water everyday. I couldn't hold it anymore.	Maybe you should slow down and only drink a bit at a time. 
6	My friend invited me to go on a cruise	My friend invited me to go on a cruise	Wow, how exciting. Are you going to go?
8	MY light bill was doubled last month. [SEP] Oh no that's horrible. Any idea why? [SEP] I have no idea we went out of town twice. I am so mad	I have no idea we went out of town twice. I am so mad	That's so strange. I'd give the power company a call and see if there wasn't a mistake.
4	I've been feeling so horrible lately and I went to the doctor.	I've been feeling so horrible lately and I went to the doctor.	I'm so sorry to hear that. Any news back yet on what it could be?
5	I wanted to go to Spacecamp. I filled out a form to try to get a scholarship because I knew that was the only way I could go. [SEP] which way is that? [SEP] I could only go if I got a scholarship because I couldn't afford it otherwise. 	I could only go if I got a scholarship because I couldn't afford it otherwise. 	maybe it happend for a reason? maybe you will find a better apportunity to get there
7	I think I finally got everything together to apply to graduate school. [SEP] how long is grad school? [SEP] For my particular program, 2 years.	For my particular program, 2 years.	thats not bad, good luck
5	I've had a slight financial struggle recently. I  don't see a way out of it.  [SEP] How did you get into this situation?  [SEP] My girlfriend has gone a little crazy with spending frivolously.  [SEP] well I think she should be the one to get you out of it! Otherwise perhaps you could see a financial adviser. They might be able to help you consolidate your debts  [SEP] I think I've hadhad an epiphany. After not being serious about religion ever, I may have to turn it over to God... 	I think I've hadhad an epiphany. After not being serious about religion ever, I may have to turn it over to God... 	Well I have never heard of God helping with financial situations but perhaps if you pray and scrape together enough money for a ticket to Las Vegas all your troubles will be gone
7	My girlfriend and I recently broke up.  It's hard being in a house by myself all the time	My girlfriend and I recently broke up.  It's hard being in a house by myself all the time	oh its really frustrating and not fair
2	im starting to make more and more money online, eventually i want to make this my full time job [SEP] That's awesome! I wish I could do that too [SEP] i have a job alread, but my backs in constant pain and its gone out 3 times over the years , i need a plan b or win the lottery 	i have a job alread, but my backs in constant pain and its gone out 3 times over the years , i need a plan b or win the lottery 	Oh that's awful. I hope your back can improve as well as your odds on the lottery.
8	I was throwing away some trash yesterday and I thought I saw an opossum run across my grass. [SEP] Those things are gross [SEP] Yea I was freaked out because I thought they were poisonous or something. They also play dead, they are weird.	Yea I was freaked out because I thought they were poisonous or something. They also play dead, they are weird.	They are not normal animals for sure
8	i was ready to eat at that buffet we went to last night	i was ready to eat at that buffet we went to last night	I love seafood buffets
5	I have been taking speech therapy classes to improve my Spanish. [SEP] thats awesome [SEP] I agree, I feel so much more confident now when speaking spanish.	I agree, I feel so much more confident now when speaking spanish.	as you should 
0	I watched my daughter hit another big milestone in her life this week. [SEP] wow! that's amazing what did she do? [SEP] I watched her start high school, I was reminiscing about her starting kindegarten to what seems like last week.	I watched her start high school, I was reminiscing about her starting kindegarten to what seems like last week.	oh god yes, they grow so fast next thing you know she's taking care of you and you are all old haha it's so wonderful
7	My wife and I are celebrating 15 years of marriage today. [SEP] thats awesome good for you [SEP] Thanks.  We have been very committed to our wedding vows since day one.	Thanks.  We have been very committed to our wedding vows since day one.	im glad thats the case
4	My flight got cancelled and I missed my son's birthday.	My flight got cancelled and I missed my son's birthday.	Aw man. I'm sorry. How old did he turn?
7	My niece just grated from high school with honors!	My niece just grated from high school with honors!	Congratulations! I am sure you are very happy and beeming with pride right now. Whats the next step for her?
2	My husband says he stopped drinking but I'm reluctant to believe him [SEP] That's kind of sad.  What makes you reluctant? [SEP] He's said it before and nothing's changed. I don't want to get my hopes up.	He's said it before and nothing's changed. I don't want to get my hopes up.	Well I'm sure the odds are against him, but I hope he succeeds this time.
4	I opened my front door and there was an unexpected package... it was a birthday gift from my mom that I was not expecting! [SEP] I bet that was a nice feeling [SEP] Yes it made me so happy	Yes it made me so happy	I am happy for you
3	I am afraid of clowns.	I am afraid of clowns.	oh gosh, me too!! especially the clown from the movie IT
6	I wish I can get the part I want [SEP] A part in what? [SEP] The community play	The community play	What play is it?
7	I did not do anything over the weekend and I was okay with it. I just got to relax [SEP] yea thats true [SEP] It was a nice feeling for sure	It was a nice feeling for sure	i wish i could do that too
6	Some guy cut me off in traffic today and caused me to swerve and hit a sign board	Some guy cut me off in traffic today and caused me to swerve and hit a sign board	Did it tear up your car?
6	My girlfriend decided to jump out and scare me one day. I was so mad and embarrassed that I flinched.	My girlfriend decided to jump out and scare me one day. I was so mad and embarrassed that I flinched.	Did she jumped really high or something?
5	My ex and I went to Branson a few weeks ago. It was so much fun! [SEP] i have never gone. was it really that much fun going with an ex though? [SEP] well we broke up afterwards lol. But the trip was still fun. There are some cool things to do there depending on where you live. 	well we broke up afterwards lol. But the trip was still fun. There are some cool things to do there depending on where you live. 	maybe i will check it out. i have heard good things about Branson
0	I wish I was skinny like a model. [SEP] You and me both [SEP] I try to diet but it does not work.	I try to diet but it does not work.	tell me about it
3	I'm pretty bummed out. The vet told me I have to put my dog down. [SEP] Im so sorry to hear that. What is wrong with him? [SEP] Well, he's small and he got bit by a chipmunk. Got some kind of incurable disease that makes me run around in circles constantly without breaking for food. He's going to waste away to nothing at this rate.	Well, he's small and he got bit by a chipmunk. Got some kind of incurable disease that makes me run around in circles constantly without breaking for food. He's going to waste away to nothing at this rate.	That sounds oddly crazy and wild. Reminds me of rabies? I hope you make his last days his best and glad he wont be suffering anymore.
6	I just had to bury my Golden retriever today. I had him for 10 years. [SEP] Oh no. I'm so sorry.  I feel you.  I lost my sweet springer spaniel, Pepper, not long ago. Are you coping okay? [SEP] I'm fine, I went out and got a new one this evening.	I'm fine, I went out and got a new one this evening.	Well, that's a wonderful thing.  You had a good time with the first one and this new one will breathe life into your day and pull any sadness away.  What will you name it?
1	I'm feeling very happy now since my wife just got a new job she really wanted. [SEP] That's great! What is the job [SEP] She will be a shipping and receiving coordinator for an international freight company.	She will be a shipping and receiving coordinator for an international freight company.	That sounds like a great job
6	We had a trip planned to the beach today but sadly it was storming all day and had to cancel	We had a trip planned to the beach today but sadly it was storming all day and had to cancel	Weather can really be fickle.  Did you have a back-up plan?
2	I'm about to move this weekend to a new city. I have everything packed and ready to go and have already cleaned the new house. [SEP] Well that's exciting! A fresh start is always fun. What inspired you to make such a big change? [SEP] I got a new job and have always wanted to move away from my hometown because its not that big.  I can't wait	I got a new job and have always wanted to move away from my hometown because its not that big.  I can't wait	Awesome, you'll be able to make friends at work. I wish you the best in your new city, congrats!
8	I had to go to the doctor recently but everything turned out fine [SEP] That's always good news.  Were you worried something was wrong? [SEP] I had to have a device removed due to some issues with it, but I had a couple of small concerns also.  	I had to have a device removed due to some issues with it, but I had a couple of small concerns also.  	I'm guessing all those small concerns turned out well if everything turned out fine.
7	I'm going on a date with my crush this weekend.	I'm going on a date with my crush this weekend.	oh thats nice, good luck
3	I'm waiting for my financial aid to be disbursed. It seems like it's taking forever. I really need to replace my car.	I'm waiting for my financial aid to be disbursed. It seems like it's taking forever. I really need to replace my car.	Yea I hate the wait for aid and all the paperwork. Hopefully it is resolved soon so you can ride comfortably.
4	I had a friend that was always there for me, he took me as a sister, I missed him [SEP] Aw, he sounded like such a great friend!  [SEP] Oh yeah, but he died last month	Oh yeah, but he died last month	I am so sorry, that is so tragic. At least you have some good memories with him. 
8	I stole candy from the candy store yesterday.	I stole candy from the candy store yesterday.	did you feel like being spontaneous or just did it for the thrill of it
0	I was with my uncle the other day and he wanted to watch a Discovery TV show I wasn't familiar with so I said okay. It was Dirty Jobs. It was so gross, you couldn't pay me enough to do those jobs!	I was with my uncle the other day and he wanted to watch a Discovery TV show I wasn't familiar with so I said okay. It was Dirty Jobs. It was so gross, you couldn't pay me enough to do those jobs!	Haha!  I know exactly what you are talking about!  I love that show and yes, it is quite gross!  You must have felt quite disgusted!
7	I saw a homeless person today. I instantly felt so thankful for what I had in life and where I was. [SEP] That is a very healthy way to think. [SEP] Thank you.	Thank you.	We all need to appreciate the good things in life.
1	I've been training a lot to get ready for a powerlifting meet that's coming up soon. I think I'm ready! [SEP] Oh thats great, good work. [SEP] Yeah. I think my training was on point this time. It took a lot of work!	Yeah. I think my training was on point this time. It took a lot of work!	oh yea i work out a lot and im no where close so you must work hard
2	I am really looking forward to the next Avatar movie. It seems like I have been waiting forever. [SEP] I didn't even know they were making another, I loved the first! [SEP] It is going to be a trilogy with possibly another trilogy after that. James Cameron has been very busy!	It is going to be a trilogy with possibly another trilogy after that. James Cameron has been very busy!	That is friggin' awesome! I sure hope they can keep up the quality in the upcoming movies.
1	I was so happy last week when it was fridaaay! [SEP] i agree, I love Fridays, Did you have any plans? [SEP] to get chocolate wasted!	to get chocolate wasted!	Sounds like a great plan. Also a great way to get diabetes! 
5	I baked a bunch of cookies for my neighbors. Unfortunately I ate them all instead. I have no self control! [SEP] Haha oh no. Sometimes you need a cheat day. [SEP] This happens way too often. I think I may need to find a 12 step program for my cookie addiction.	This happens way too often. I think I may need to find a 12 step program for my cookie addiction.	Maybe next time have a huge meal before you start baking. That way you arent hungry. 
3	My emu ran away last night. I was quite distraught.	My emu ran away last night. I was quite distraught.	Not sure what an emu is. I hope you find him/her!
6	Next week, I am going to Las Vegas!	Next week, I am going to Las Vegas!	Oh sweet. Sin city! What do you look forward to doing?
2	MY daughter is growing so fast. [SEP] Are you the mother or father? Time flies so fast.. [SEP] I'm mom. She is taller than me now. I wish she was 4 again.	I'm mom. She is taller than me now. I wish she was 4 again.	I bet she is going to be a great person when she is older
5	I really don't like it when people talk during a movie. [SEP] Right. What is the purpose of going to movies if people talk there. Uninformed people everywhere [SEP] Yes. Maybe next time I should just stay home.	Yes. Maybe next time I should just stay home.	You should confront them next time if it happens. They should be put in their place for improper social behavior
3	I stubbed my toe this morning.	I stubbed my toe this morning.	Oh no! I hope your toe is feeling better!
8	"there was a time when I lived in another state with no family around. [SEP] That must have been really hard on you. [SEP] It really was. When I came home from work it was just me and the dog.	It really was. When I came home from work it was just me and the dog.	At least you had the dog to cheer you up!
7	My brother has assured me we are going on a trip soon. I am holding him to that [SEP] do you think its going to happen? [SEP] I do trust him, so yes	I do trust him, so yes	thats good.
2	I have read alot so I know I won't fail the exam I am going for [SEP] what subject is it in? [SEP] Chemistry	Chemistry	i hope you perform well on your exam
1	My daughter hides food under her bed, how nasty! [SEP] That is gross, what kind of food? [SEP] Anything she snacks on late at night, I guess. I even found a half eaten bowl of spaghetti with meatballs!	Anything she snacks on late at night, I guess. I even found a half eaten bowl of spaghetti with meatballs!	That is nasty, you have to kill that habit!
3	I'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. When I was younger, everything was at least $10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	I'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. When I was younger, everything was at least $10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	yea, this is a much better time for content
0	I hate scary movies, they scare me so much, especially jumpscares	I hate scary movies, they scare me so much, especially jumpscares	I understand. I had that problem when I was kid. Now it is ok.
1	I  remember having dinner at my ex's parents for the first time	I  remember having dinner at my ex's parents for the first time	I bet you were very nervous that day.
7	I forgot that I had a math exam yesterday and didnt study. I ended up making an A on it. I couldnt believe it. [SEP] wow, that is awesome, go you! [SEP] I just had to laugh because I so thought I was gonna bomb it.	I just had to laugh because I so thought I was gonna bomb it.	well sometimes luck is in your favor!
0	Holding my son for the first time was such an awesome experience. [SEP] He must be so precious! [SEP] He is,thank you.	He is,thank you.	Cherish him while you can. They really grow up fast.
8	My son spilled water on my laptop. I was so upset, because I lost all of the photos I had stored on it.  [SEP] Thats a bummer. Maybe you can take it to a repair shop. [SEP] I can	I can	Im sure they can figure something out. They might be able to remove the harddrive to recover the photos.
8	I came home from vacation and realized food in my fridge was rotting!	I came home from vacation and realized food in my fridge was rotting!	Ugh hate when that happens...do you live alone or with roommates
4	It was very random when it happen, but my grand ma passed away and it was sad. I did not expect it	It was very random when it happen, but my grand ma passed away and it was sad. I did not expect it	Death can happen in an INSTANT! I have been there the past year. I am sorry!
4	When I got home tonight my outdoor window was broken- To my cat room.	When I got home tonight my outdoor window was broken- To my cat room.	I am sorry, was the cat okay
5	I found a big web in my bathroom window one day. I generally don't like spiders but I don't like to harm anything (unless its mosquitos or fleas). [SEP] Yikes. Did you ever find the spider? [SEP] Yes..I now have a bathroom spider. He weaves beautiful webs..but he does scare me when he comes out.	Yes..I now have a bathroom spider. He weaves beautiful webs..but he does scare me when he comes out.	I think its time to invest in a can of bug spray
0	I definitely over-ate today. I'm not overweight, but I do want to lose like five pounds. I also want to have positive eating habits. But eating vegetables is so uninteresting to me...	I definitely over-ate today. I'm not overweight, but I do want to lose like five pounds. I also want to have positive eating habits. But eating vegetables is so uninteresting to me...	Eating vegetables is disgusting to me so I just blend it all in a smoothie. You should try that
8	I saw my 3DS next to me on my desk and thought about all of the Pokemon games I played as a kid.	I saw my 3DS next to me on my desk and thought about all of the Pokemon games I played as a kid.	Oh man! I love Pokemon! The first one I ever played was Pokemon Blue.
7	I am excited for the new super smash bros game coming out for the switch soon [SEP] My boyfriend just bought a Nintendo Switch last week. It was expensive! [SEP] That is a great choice, I love mine so so much	That is a great choice, I love mine so so much	I will have to ask him about the Super Smash Bro's game. Most likely he's looking forward to it as well!
7	My husband went all out for our date night. I was quite pleased and his efforts had a big impact on me.	My husband went all out for our date night. I was quite pleased and his efforts had a big impact on me.	Thats so good,am happy for you
3	5 [SEP] 5? [SEP] Sorry. I hit a wrong key and sent too soon. I was going to tell you about how I ordered McDonalds with the new delivery service.	Sorry. I hit a wrong key and sent too soon. I was going to tell you about how I ordered McDonalds with the new delivery service.	ah it happens lol
2	I am really looking forward to my special dinner with my partner! Our ten year anniversary is coming up! [SEP] That's fantastic! Congratulations! Is it at a restaurant or home prepared? [SEP] I made reservations at a restaurant with a beautiful view of the city. Very romantic and fancy!	I made reservations at a restaurant with a beautiful view of the city. Very romantic and fancy!	That sounds awesome, honestly. I hope you enjoy it!
6	Last year, my brother gave a speech on independence day	Last year, my brother gave a speech on independence day	Oh what was it about? Was it for an event?
2	I was at my son's middle school graduation and he go so many things! I was so happy! [SEP] You must be very proud. That is awesome. [SEP] I am! He did great!	I am! He did great!	Hopefully he keeps up. Im sure he has a great attitude.
1	I was out shopping with my wife the other day, and I lost my wallet. It was so nerve racking to not know what happened to it. [SEP] I bet it was! Did you end up finding it or did you have to cancel all of your cards? [SEP] I was very lucky, and an employee at the electronics store we had been to called me to tell me they had my wallet and I could come pick it up.	I was very lucky, and an employee at the electronics store we had been to called me to tell me they had my wallet and I could come pick it up.	Thats awesome!  I know stores will typically hold onto a lost wallet but calling you is going above and beyond what the norm is.
0	i hate when people think they can blatenly just flirt with your partner [SEP] Yeah that's annoying.  Welcome to the problems of having an attactive mate. [SEP] he is attractive but the girl was as ugly on the outside as she was on the inside	he is attractive but the girl was as ugly on the outside as she was on the inside	Take it as a compliment.
8	I was very impressed with the food today at Outback restaurant. Everything was delicious. [SEP] I love to eat there. One of my favorite foods to eat is steak. [SEP] Steak is my favorite too. The bloomin onion is also a great appetizer.	Steak is my favorite too. The bloomin onion is also a great appetizer.	I've never tried that but it looks pretty good. One day I have to try that.
3	Today, it is rainning because of that I can't get out. It is boring. [SEP] Rainy days are boring, but I do like the sound of them. It's calming in a way [SEP] I don't like too much rainy days.	I don't like too much rainy days.	Yea, it is better in moderation. That's true
7	I am so ready for the football season. [SEP] Wow, which team you support [SEP] I am a Falcons fan.	I am a Falcons fan.	nice , good luck for your new season!!
0	Well police never show up in my neighborhood. Never. Even with gunshots going on for hours and we are a small city. [SEP] I sorry that you have to deal with that. [SEP] Thanks! Me too- I am moving soon. It's the wild wild west here! They even drive bad and hit kids all the time. Police are too busy being corrupt to show up.	Thanks! Me too- I am moving soon. It's the wild wild west here! They even drive bad and hit kids all the time. Police are too busy being corrupt to show up.	Yeah, you need to get of there quickly.
0	I remember when movies actually focused more on the plot and acting rather than the special effects. I miss those times.	I remember when movies actually focused more on the plot and acting rather than the special effects. I miss those times.	I completely agree. It used to be about the story line and the character development. 
4	i deserve that car but i cannot afford it and he can even though I work better job than my neighbour :(	i deserve that car but i cannot afford it and he can even though I work better job than my neighbour :(	Oh no, im sorry to hear that
5	So I've been having an issue with my neighbor. It's not super hairy yet but it could be. They constantly back into my mailbox on their way out almost every day. [SEP] Oh my gosh! Have they broken it? That would drive me nuts. [SEP] It's been knocked down a few times yes. Police have been involved but they don't do anything. My neighbor is so carefree about it too, it's bonkers!	It's been knocked down a few times yes. Police have been involved but they don't do anything. My neighbor is so carefree about it too, it's bonkers!	Have you spoken to them personally? Maybe they should pay for you to move it!
3	i got permission to begin a start up company by my own.. i am so excited	i got permission to begin a start up company by my own.. i am so excited	Wow, that sounds exciting! I hope everything works out for you!
4	ive been losing a lot of weight but i gained a bit this summer.	ive been losing a lot of weight but i gained a bit this summer.	I am sorry to hear that.Following a diet is very stresffull.
5	I was so afraid of going on my first rollercoaster when I was a wee lad. [SEP] I bet! I am still too scared to ride one. [SEP] After that first one, I was no longer scared. I enjoy them quite a bit now.	After that first one, I was no longer scared. I enjoy them quite a bit now.	Maybe I should get over my fear and finally ride one.
0	I'm furious, my wife's brother just wrecked our only car, and I'm pretty sure he had been drinking!	I'm furious, my wife's brother just wrecked our only car, and I'm pretty sure he had been drinking!	Oh my god. That's aweful!
4	My roommate moved out, it is just me now living at the house. [SEP] Oh, what caused them to move out?  Is that a good thing or a bad thing? [SEP] He got a new job that was in a different city. It isn't good or bad.	He got a new job that was in a different city. It isn't good or bad.	I see. I'm sorry you're home alone.  I get lonely myself when you're used to someone around.  Are you going to advertise for a new roommate?
5	I'm going to cooking school to become a chef.	I'm going to cooking school to become a chef.	That's pretty cool. Maybe you could toss me a few recipes for recently deceased goldfish?
0	At a party I found myself to be by myself	At a party I found myself to be by myself	I understand sometimes it uncomfortable to socialize, I get anxiety in social situations
7	I think I did very good at my interview. I hope they call me back!	I think I did very good at my interview. I hope they call me back!	Good luck. That's always nerve racking waiting for them to call. I'm sure you did well though.
7	I have been preparing to take the gre and I cannot wait for it to be over. [SEP] What field is that for? I am sure that is a lot of stress [SEP] It is like the SAT for Grad School.	It is like the SAT for Grad School.	That makes sense, well I wish you the best of luck!
5	I had an argument last week with my wife. She told me that she want to divorce and that I am not the father of our son. I felt destroyed. [SEP] Sheesh that's heavy.  Sorry to hear that.  Have you talked it over yet or no [SEP] No, I felt the house. I don't want to see her anymore. We are getting divorce.	No, I felt the house. I don't want to see her anymore. We are getting divorce.	Well maybe it's for the best.  Good luck
8	Yesterday I had to walk through a very shady part of town. [SEP] wow where were you going [SEP] I was going to my dealer's place, it was very terrifying and dark.	I was going to my dealer's place, it was very terrifying and dark.	ooh i guess you were afraid
3	I locked my keys in the car and didnt have a spare one. [SEP] That's the worst! What did you do? [SEP] Luckily there was a police officer near by and he helped me get it unlocked i was so happy. 	Luckily there was a police officer near by and he helped me get it unlocked i was so happy. 	Saved you the money from having to call pop a lock.
7	We are really wanting wanting to buy a newer and bigger vehicle, but we're not sure if we can afford it. [SEP] Oh no. Maybe you can find one that is used, or even rebuilt. I got my car for 75% less than what I would've paid from a car dealer! [SEP] Problem is we don't have a car payment now and going back to having one would be a struggle. We are trying to figure out and pay off bills now.	Problem is we don't have a car payment now and going back to having one would be a struggle. We are trying to figure out and pay off bills now.	Well, stick through it! I wish you luck :) 
0	Had HELLP syndrom with first child. Spent all 9 months being pregnant with 2nd child worrying about the same thing happening. [SEP] What is HELLP? I'm sorry you and your baby had to go through that. [SEP] It's basically when eclampsia has progressed to the point that your blood won't clot and your organs start shutting down.	It's basically when eclampsia has progressed to the point that your blood won't clot and your organs start shutting down.	That's terrible. There are so many things to be afraid of when you're pregnant!
5	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week [SEP] Nice, did you feel caring since you did so well? [SEP] yes i did	yes i did	You should take care of the pet more often in the future.
5	Well I had to go to the store yesterday but I was all muddy. It made me quite anxious. I didn't have a choice as my power went out and I didn't have much clean. [SEP] we are too hard on ourselves! we really shouldnt care what others think but i would have felt the same  [SEP] I usually do not but boy I hate it when my clothes are not clean and I'm not clean. I try not to let it get to me..but I just feel gross! lol	I usually do not but boy I hate it when my clothes are not clean and I'm not clean. I try not to let it get to me..but I just feel gross! lol	im the same! give people a look when they look at you maybe some crazy eyes! lol 
0	Super excited about some moisturizer I am getting tomorrow.  [SEP] Oh I love trying new things for me! Everyone deserves spoiling sometimes [SEP] Very true! I have to have a good moisturizer. It seems like I can't ever find the right one for my skin so I am hoping this works.	Very true! I have to have a good moisturizer. It seems like I can't ever find the right one for my skin so I am hoping this works.	I have that problem too. Most feel heavy and make me sweat. I really hope it's just right for you
1	My best friend's dog died and she has been really upset. [SEP] I totally feel for her. I have lost many the past year. It's hard [SEP] I brought over some pizza and movies to cheer her up.	I brought over some pizza and movies to cheer her up.	That was nice of you. Having company helps through grief.
3	I am looking forward to the soccer season starting again [SEP] Nice, you must be really anticipating it. Which soccer league will you watch? [SEP] Today the English league starts, but I am Scottish - so I watch the Scottish league normally. I also co-own a team in Spain so will watch that too. It doesn't start for a couple of weeks. [SEP] Sounds good, today I'll be watching my favorite team play. I am also anticipating the match. [SEP] Who do you support? Man Utd?	Who do you support? Man Utd?	Yes, they take on Leicester City
4	I'm not sure how my future is going to turn out. I have been worried about that a lot lately.  [SEP] What have you been worried about?  [SEP] Pretty much everything. I'm not where I want to be. Financially speaking: i'm a poor person. My health has really gone downhill this year. Pretty much everything isn't good.	Pretty much everything. I'm not where I want to be. Financially speaking: i'm a poor person. My health has really gone downhill this year. Pretty much everything isn't good.	Oh wow, I'm sorry to hear that! I hope things start looking better for you. Can you file for disability or social security? 
7	I accidentally spilled soup all over myself at the restaurant. [SEP] Oh no!  what a bother,  were you able to clean it up? [SEP] No, it was a mess.  I feel so humiliated for doing that.	No, it was a mess.  I feel so humiliated for doing that.	You shouldn't that could happen to the best of us.   
4	My best friend moved to Washington this weekend.	My best friend moved to Washington this weekend.	Oh I'm sorry to hear that, is that far from where you live now?
8	Donald Trump really disgust me as a person. [SEP] But america is so great now! look at all the great things that are happening and are great [SEP] So, that gives Trump a free pass to call woman dogs??	So, that gives Trump a free pass to call woman dogs??	No, he truly is lower than a dog himself
5	I remember eating Cracker Jacks as a kid. [SEP] Oh man, I forgot about Cracker Jacks.  I always looked for the prize [SEP] I know right!  Those were the good old days.	I know right!  Those were the good old days.	It always makes me think about baseball when I think of Cracker Jacks
8	My mom gave me one of our old photo albums the other day. [SEP] aww that is great! [SEP] Yeah it really brought back some great memories!	Yeah it really brought back some great memories!	yeah my mom did that for me a few years back
1	I used to love pokemon, thinking back on it puts me in my feelings	I used to love pokemon, thinking back on it puts me in my feelings	Yeah kids have moved on to YuGiYoh and other silly games.
3	I just found out a few days ago that my new employer is fantastic, as far as working with my schedule. I will have all the time I need to balance work, school, and family time. [SEP] Oh that is awesome! Even barely awesome employers are hard to find. [SEP] Yeah, this is a fairly small business, so they have a lot of leeway and don't have to answer to a corporate entity.	Yeah, this is a fairly small business, so they have a lot of leeway and don't have to answer to a corporate entity.	Yeah they generally have a better chance at giving it more so than large entities.
4	My room mate keeps bugging me to take the trash out but it's his turn. [SEP] That is so annoying. Maybe you'd have to get a chart to keep track. [SEP] Yeah I didn't think I would be rooming with an adult 12 year old though.	Yeah I didn't think I would be rooming with an adult 12 year old though.	That is too bad. I am sorry you have to deal with that.
7	Gonna ask my best friend out this weekend. [SEP] Nice! Where are you going to go?  [SEP] Probably to the harbor. She likes the water.	Probably to the harbor. She likes the water.	That sounds like a very romantic destination. I wish you the best of luck.
6	I really think this year is going to end great, and be one for the record books. 	I really think this year is going to end great, and be one for the record books. 	how so ? moneywise ?
4	It's such a bummer that I did badly on the job interview I had today.	It's such a bummer that I did badly on the job interview I had today.	I'm sorry. Are you sure you did that bad?
7	There is a big storm approaching.  [SEP] sounds scary [SEP] I am so ready for it!	I am so ready for it!	good luck with that then
3	I am so mad at myself, I made my team lose the softball game. [SEP] Oh no! Don't blame yourself. It happens [SEP] Yes but I made four errors in the game.	Yes but I made four errors in the game.	Better luck next time!
8	I saw someone blow their nose into their shirt. [SEP] That's really gross. Did you say anything to him about it? [SEP] No, I think the person had mental issues.  It was beyond gross.	No, I think the person had mental issues.  It was beyond gross.	For sure. That really isn't something a normal person should be doing. Or anyone for that matter.
5	My best friend just got these new sneaker that make him jump higher. He is always dunking on me when we play basketball.	My best friend just got these new sneaker that make him jump higher. He is always dunking on me when we play basketball.	You should get the same sneakers then.
3	 my cat vomited on my rug today	 my cat vomited on my rug today	Oh no! Hope your cat is feeling okay.
5	So when i was a teenage my father took my game console away. [SEP] Did he tell you the reason? [SEP] My grades but i ended up going into his room and taking it back. I bought that myself with my own money.	My grades but i ended up going into his room and taking it back. I bought that myself with my own money.	If you live under his roof then you should obey him.
3	I finished my kids birthday candy tonight after they went to bed. I know there going to be mad in the morning and I feel bad about it. [SEP] That's funny. I'd tell them the tooth fairy stole it.  [SEP] Hahahaha.  That's pretty good.  The problem is this candy is very special.  One of their friends sent it over from Europe, so I can't just run down to 7-11 to buy some more.	Hahahaha.  That's pretty good.  The problem is this candy is very special.  One of their friends sent it over from Europe, so I can't just run down to 7-11 to buy some more.	You better come up with something.
3	Why don't I have a woman by my side at 46? [SEP] I can't answer that! You seem lonely. [SEP] Yes I am buddy. I hope the loneliness does not kill me 	Yes I am buddy. I hope the loneliness does not kill me 	I hope not. Try to have an enjoyable life regardless
0	My wife has been very sick for the last 12 years and is finally feeling better and I am so happy! [SEP] Whoa! That's incredible. What caused the change, finally? [SEP] We changed our diet to completely plant based food and in 2 months she turned a corner!	We changed our diet to completely plant based food and in 2 months she turned a corner!	I've heard about people doing that... Man, it's incredible how much your diet can affect you. I'm really happy for you guys.
7	I'm really pumped to get my new treadmill and get to exercising [SEP] Treadmills are great! I find that they're better your knees than running outside. [SEP] Yeah, and I'm not quite ready for running outside.  I'm really motivated though to get back in shape!	Yeah, and I'm not quite ready for running outside.  I'm really motivated though to get back in shape!	That's awesome to hear! We only get one body, we need to take care of it. Good luck!
8	I can beat my chest about the outcome of tomorrow's match [SEP] You must be quite confident in your abilities!  [SEP] Of course I am after all, I have a reliable team that I can depend on	Of course I am after all, I have a reliable team that I can depend on	Good to hear. But don't get too overconfident! 
4	My birthday was yesterday. Everybody seems to have forgotten about it though. I didn't get a single happy birthday from anyone family or friends. I thought it was really depressing.	My birthday was yesterday. Everybody seems to have forgotten about it though. I didn't get a single happy birthday from anyone family or friends. I thought it was really depressing.	am sorry about that, you could have reminded them perharps
7	There has been this sinkhole in my yard since the hurricane hit last year and it is the cities responsibility to take care of it. I called it in about a week after the hurricane and it is almost a year since then. Yesterday someone came out and marked it with flags and Im certain that means they will begin to work on it soon. [SEP] how big is it ? [SEP] 2 feet wide and 2 feet deep	2 feet wide and 2 feet deep	ah .. well i guess its not that bad yet
4	When I was at summer camp I was wearing sweat pants and someone shanked me! [SEP] Wait what does that mean what i think it means? [SEP] Probably, someone pulled down my pants during dinner at the mess hall...humiliating. 	Probably, someone pulled down my pants during dinner at the mess hall...humiliating. 	im sorry to hear that
7	Just got back from a job interview. I was able to answer all the questions and the recruiter seem impressed. [SEP] Thats a great way to start [SEP] Yep. It is!	Yep. It is!	good luck going forward
5	I am so scared! LOL.  I think I just heard a ghost coming from the other room here. [SEP] Oh man that is pretty scary. [SEP] I kid you not.  My one dog keeps barking at nothing but acting like he can see something.	I kid you not.  My one dog keeps barking at nothing but acting like he can see something.	You should probably see a priest then.
3	I have never been  this unhappy in my whole life [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. Have you tried to talk to a professional about that? [SEP] I will try but it's my brother he took a car I saved so much to buy and had an accident with it 	I will try but it's my brother he took a car I saved so much to buy and had an accident with it 	That's terrible. I hope the situation sorts itself out.
1	I was picked to be the next contestant on the reality show survivor	I was picked to be the next contestant on the reality show survivor	Whoa that is awesome. I could never be on that show.
4	My nephew died yesterday.	My nephew died yesterday.	I am so sorry to hear that.   What happened?
1	We had someone break into our hom. [SEP] Oh my god! Are you ok? was anyone home? Did they take anything important? [SEP] We are okay and thankfully we were not home. They went through everything, but didn't take anything. 	We are okay and thankfully we were not home. They went through everything, but didn't take anything. 	That's weird. I am happy you have your possesions.
7	My son behaved so well on his first day of school. [SEP] thats good! how old is he? [SEP] He is 5.  I am so pleased with his behavior thus far!	He is 5.  I am so pleased with his behavior thus far!	congratulations! parenting done right!
5	i just recently registered for a flag football team, i just hope I am good and don't embarass myself [SEP] Flag football is so much fun! What position would you like to play? [SEP] I would like to be a wide reciever or a corner, I am very tall and feel like I can hold my own. Hopefully.	I would like to be a wide reciever or a corner, I am very tall and feel like I can hold my own. Hopefully.	You could certainly bring some physicality to the position with your height. I say go for it!
6	My boss called me the other day to tell me I would be receiving a package the next day.  No other info, but she told me not to open it until I called her.	My boss called me the other day to tell me I would be receiving a package the next day.  No other info, but she told me not to open it until I called her.	So have you gotten to open it yet??
0	My best friend has the most gorgeous long red hair. [SEP] Oh. I love red hairs. I have always admired their unique genetic characteristic that sets apart from others [SEP] It is quite literally my favorite hair color - I so wish my hair were like hers!	It is quite literally my favorite hair color - I so wish my hair were like hers!	You know what, i have always secretly wanted to date red hair as a partner and I hope I will one day
1	hi there? [SEP] Hi friend, how are you? [SEP] did you see my post above about allergy? [SEP] Not yet, I think you should talk to me about it. [SEP] I had severe allergy in couples of month. I tried a new diet and it was helpful in relieving my allergy. I felt happy.	I had severe allergy in couples of month. I tried a new diet and it was helpful in relieving my allergy. I felt happy.	To feel joy is the maximum, whatever the cause, I think it is a beautiful emotion.
5	it was suprising to see my dog find his way home the other day [SEP] He was probably hungry, and thought to himself, that place wasn't so bad huh. [SEP] nah we dropped him off about two miles away and he made it back	nah we dropped him off about two miles away and he made it back	HAHA, you wanted him gone? maybe he did it to spite you.
0	My uncle died last year in may	My uncle died last year in may	Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. It's very hard to lose a loved one, I know from personal experience.
5	As I opened ,it was a friend I had lost contact with for about 20 years  [SEP] Oh my, that is along time. Did you feel nostalgic?  [SEP] Who wouldn't? He just showed up like a ghost from the blues.. Lol!	Who wouldn't? He just showed up like a ghost from the blues.. Lol!	I see, you should rekindle your friendship.
7	My husband put together a graduation party for me and I had no idea!	My husband put together a graduation party for me and I had no idea!	Hey... congratulations to you on both fronts! That sounds like double good news. It was probably fun having your hard work rewarded with seeing the faces of all your loved ones and having them personally congratulate you.
3	My friend Karl had a party, he invited a lot of people and I was not invited. I felt really bad. [SEP] That sould make me feel sad. Did you talk to him about it? [SEP] Yes, I asked him why wasn't I invited he came up with some lame excuse.	Yes, I asked him why wasn't I invited he came up with some lame excuse.	That's not very nice. I think it is just better to be honest, even if it might hurt.
4	I am jealous of a co worker that got a promotion and not me.	I am jealous of a co worker that got a promotion and not me.	I'm sorry, how does that make you feel?
0	I meet with my boss today thinking I was getting a raise. I didn't get a raise.  [SEP] why did you not get your raise? [SEP] I don't know. My boss never asks to meet with me so I thought we we're going to talk about me getting a raise. 	I don't know. My boss never asks to meet with me so I thought we we're going to talk about me getting a raise. 	that stinks. i know how that feels.
5	I'm disappointed in my new car, it has already broken down twice and now it's in the shop! [SEP] I hope you got a warranty on it. New cars should not have issues for a while. [SEP] Yeah it's under warranty, but I just hope it doesn't keep doing this, it's a bummer!	Yeah it's under warranty, but I just hope it doesn't keep doing this, it's a bummer!	Well perhaps you got a lemon. I would ask for a new car if it happens again.
0	i was scared to walk home the other night [SEP] Why? [SEP] someone walked behind me the entire way	someone walked behind me the entire way	Me too, sometime, I had the same feeling about someone walking behind me.
8	I have to go back to school and leave all my friends in 2 weeks time [SEP] It's important to spend time with your friends while you can! [SEP] yea i know but its kind of depressing i wont be able to see them after	yea i know but its kind of depressing i wont be able to see them after	Make some good memories and enjoy these next few weeks.
4	I was disappointed in the new Mario Tennis game, but it was not the biggest letdown	I was disappointed in the new Mario Tennis game, but it was not the biggest letdown	Sorry, I have not played it myself. 
4	My cat died the other day.	My cat died the other day.	I am sorry, that is always sad
1	I decided to treat myself tonight and make grill a huge steak for myself tonight.	I decided to treat myself tonight and make grill a huge steak for myself tonight.	That sounds really great and delicious! 
5	I feel depressed.  [SEP] oh no why? [SEP] I might have to live on my own without wife and child. That is, if she plans to kick me out of the house eventually. 	I might have to live on my own without wife and child. That is, if she plans to kick me out of the house eventually. 	That sucks. I couldn't be without my kids. Maybe you should go to counseling.
5	I knew I was going to win a reward at work. I worked hard for it [SEP] That is always nice when your hard work finally pays off. [SEP] It really was	It really was	Now you should go and celebrate.
8	I got a hamburger earlier and they forgot to put cheese on it.	I got a hamburger earlier and they forgot to put cheese on it.	i hate when they forget the cheese
8	I know I am late to the party but I am finally going to the cinema to watch the new Avengers movie tonight. [SEP] Congrats! that sounds like a good movie! [SEP] It got great reviews so I am really excited to see it!	It got great reviews so I am really excited to see it!	I saw it, and it was a good  movie, i dont usually watch marvel films
8	I really wanted this coconut pineapple cake, but they ran out. [SEP] Oh no, will they have more in stock tomorrow? [SEP] I won't be around there again until next month I think.	I won't be around there again until next month I think.	You can try again then! It'll be worth the wait.
6	The latest models of cars are sophisticated	The latest models of cars are sophisticated	I agree. Do you have a new car?
7	I went to a newly opened candy store near me for the first time. It brought back waves of childhood memories	I went to a newly opened candy store near me for the first time. It brought back waves of childhood memories	Oh that's good. You will make some good money while having a good time remembering childhood
6	My roomate finally graudated with an engineering degree.	My roomate finally graudated with an engineering degree.	Wow, congrats to them. Are you worried you will loose your roommate? 
6	I got woken up today by the sound of my phone going off. I haaate the sound of phones, they really stress me out for some reason.	I got woken up today by the sound of my phone going off. I haaate the sound of phones, they really stress me out for some reason.	did you mute it
8	I had to dance in front of everyone at the wedding and I can't dance well/	I had to dance in front of everyone at the wedding and I can't dance well/	I am sure you looked just fine.
7	I feel very optimistic about where my life is headed. The future is bright! [SEP] That's great. What do you have going on? [SEP] Nothing special, I just feel like everything is finally aligning and things are going in the right direction.	Nothing special, I just feel like everything is finally aligning and things are going in the right direction.	Well that's good to hear!
6	I was lonely on Monday. I was sick all day	I was lonely on Monday. I was sick all day	Do you feel better now?
2	Im so ready waiting for my package to arrive today.  [SEP] I love package delivery days!  I've got a couple coming as well.  What are you waiting for? [SEP] I am waiting on a fitness machine to come. 	I am waiting on a fitness machine to come. 	Oh wow, a big package!  Hope you enjoy it!
2	I remember when my first child was born. The nurses handed her to me and I remember feeling happier than I ever have been. [SEP] thats awesome i cant wait to have kids! [SEP] There's nothing like it. It's exhausting but in the back of your mind you know there's nothing better.	There's nothing like it. It's exhausting but in the back of your mind you know there's nothing better.	i bet!
0	My friend just told me their secret [SEP] Is it a good one? [SEP] Yes,  a really juicy one [SEP] Tell me.  I want to hear it. [SEP] Nah, I promised not to tell it to anyone	Nah, I promised not to tell it to anyone	That's no fair.  Your friend will never know.
0	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	ah man i could imagine, especially if they didnt stay and let you know 
8	I thought the new Star Wars movies were so great. The are cinematic perfection.	I thought the new Star Wars movies were so great. The are cinematic perfection.	I've been enjoying them too, but not quite as much as the originals. It's not my generation anymore.
1	I bought a new laptop with my first salary. [SEP] That's quite an investment. It must have made you feel good to be buying it with your own money. [SEP] yeah, I presented it to my dad. I feel satisfied now.	yeah, I presented it to my dad. I feel satisfied now.	That was really nice of you. I'm sure that he appreciated it.
0	Last night was an incredibly low point in my life. I went dumpster diving for food at my local Burger King.  [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that, what led you to this? [SEP] I've been in massive debt since I lost two million dollars to a Nigerian Prince. Figures that email was too good to be true.	I've been in massive debt since I lost two million dollars to a Nigerian Prince. Figures that email was too good to be true.	Yea, you need to stay away from those, especially if you don't know who they are, your email should be able to block stuff like that, look in the settings.
1	If my plans work out, I'll be moving to France in the winter. [SEP] that is so cool! omg beautiful.. what part of france?  [SEP] Paris.	Paris.	beautiful, congrats! 
3	i have an appointment with the doctor on thursday and it has me so worried [SEP] Oh no! Have you already had some tests or is this the first time? [SEP] this is the first in a line of tests that i have to do. i'm dying on the inside a little bit [SEP] I'm so sorry to hear. What is the problem? [SEP] girl part problems.	girl part problems.	Ah ok, yeah my partner has had similar issues recently. I really hope it all works out for you!
1	One of competitor companies made me an offer to join them, but i rejected it and wanted to stay in my current organization out of loyalty [SEP] That sounds like you were confident in your decision. Did you think it through? [SEP] Indeed. I like my workplace, benefits and the overall atmosphere here. I think i made a wise choice to stay	Indeed. I like my workplace, benefits and the overall atmosphere here. I think i made a wise choice to stay	That sounds like you were happy with the decision that you made. 
3	I just had a huge test that I was supposed to pass. I bragged to everyone that I would, but I don't think I did. [SEP] Oh no what happened? Why don't you think you did well? [SEP] I spent so much time talking about studying and didn't really study that well. I think I'm gonna have to inquire about the grade, it's eating me up inside!	I spent so much time talking about studying and didn't really study that well. I think I'm gonna have to inquire about the grade, it's eating me up inside!	I hope its better than you expect!
1	I'm somebody that needs to always have everything organised and prepared. [SEP] I wish I was more like that. [SEP] I can never do anything or go anywhere unless I know all the steps needed and have everything set out.	I can never do anything or go anywhere unless I know all the steps needed and have everything set out.	You must be prepared for anything then.
4	I found a text message on my wife phone. She is cheating on me.	I found a text message on my wife phone. She is cheating on me.	I'm sorry to hear that. Did you confront her about it?
0	I am excited for the new super smash bros game coming out for the switch soon [SEP] Oh yeah, that game looks crazy. They have a ridiculous amount of characters this time, it's great. [SEP] They sure do, so many characters I cannot play with them all!	They sure do, so many characters I cannot play with them all!	I heard my boy K Rool got in, that really surprised me. I haven't seen him around in forever.
4	I've been feeling so horrible lately and I went to the doctor.	I've been feeling so horrible lately and I went to the doctor.	I'm so sorry to hear that. Any news back yet on what it could be?
7	I flew for the first in a long time a few months ago. I was scared just a bit beforehand	I flew for the first in a long time a few months ago. I was scared just a bit beforehand	Congratulations on working up the nerve to fly! Did you enjoy the flight?
3	My brother is in the hospital and is very sick. I am very scared [SEP] What's wrong? [SEP] He has had heart problems his whole life, I hope he will make it through	He has had heart problems his whole life, I hope he will make it through	I hope so too. I'm sorry that he is going through that.
7	I'm sad the weekend is almost over and I have to go back to work tomorrow! [SEP] Ugh yeah same. Did you have a nice weekend though?  [SEP] Yeah, it was very relaxing, I chilled with my girlfriend and watched a lot of netflix.	Yeah, it was very relaxing, I chilled with my girlfriend and watched a lot of netflix.	Those kind of weekends are the best. 
4	I feel guilty for smoking in the house today when it was raining outside.	I feel guilty for smoking in the house today when it was raining outside.	Almost all my family members have smoked at one point in time. I feel bad for the people that get caught in the addiction, and I wish I could help them quit. Sorry to hear it's such a hassle enough that you had to do it inside.
8	My daughters helped out when my Mom was sick without me having to ask. It made me feel really good	My daughters helped out when my Mom was sick without me having to ask. It made me feel really good	Good for them for taking the initiative and helping the family.
8	I have to take my daughter up to her school today to get her freshman high school schedule today. [SEP] Wow so close to being out on her own are you a bit nervous?  [SEP] Very much so.  I can't help but to think back when she was just a baby on days like today.	Very much so.  I can't help but to think back when she was just a baby on days like today.	Very sad but think of how proud she is going to make you in the good she will be just fine.
7	One of my past successes was receiving an internship offer! [SEP] Oh wow! That's impressive, those can be really hard to get. [SEP] Yep! I know I beat out other candidates for the position. But the work only just began at that point!	Yep! I know I beat out other candidates for the position. But the work only just began at that point!	Congratulations, that's great! Hopefully you like the work.
4	My mom is getting older and having a tough time lately but I was a jerk that lost my cool and yelled at her on our phone call the other day.	My mom is getting older and having a tough time lately but I was a jerk that lost my cool and yelled at her on our phone call the other day.	I am sorry, it happens though
6	So my first day of college my girlfriend decided to break up with me. This is after 3 years of dating. [SEP] Why did she break up? [SEP] Said she didn't love me anymore. For 2 weeks i didn't do any homework didn't even go to class half the time for those weeks.	Said she didn't love me anymore. For 2 weeks i didn't do any homework didn't even go to class half the time for those weeks.	Did she give you a reason why she didn't love you anymore?
3	I have SO much to get done around here before summer ends, I am feeling positive about getting it done even through pain.	I have SO much to get done around here before summer ends, I am feeling positive about getting it done even through pain.	well atleast when you finish you can pop a beer and enjoy your hard work
2	I accomplished a great deal of work today.	I accomplished a great deal of work today.	That is good, it is nice to be proud of the work you have done!
3	Im riding some roller coasters this weekend [SEP] Oh cool! Where are you gonna do that? [SEP] Up in Louisville.  It's going to be awesome.  First time ever.  They're built safe, arent they?	Up in Louisville.  It's going to be awesome.  First time ever.  They're built safe, arent they?	Oh yeah they are safe 99% of the time
2	I woke up one morning and found a puppy in my bed. I wasn't expecting that! [SEP] Whoa! Was that a good surprise, or a bad surprise? I could see that going either way, but at least it would be exciting! I had that happen when I got one for Christmas. Well, actually it was in my parent's bed, and I barged into their room to ask if we could go downstairs and open presents, and I saw the one they had gotten me and had been hiding to surprise me with. [SEP] That sounds like a fun Christmas morning.  For me it was a fine surprise.  I think my wife got it for herself, but surprised me with it.	That sounds like a fun Christmas morning.  For me it was a fine surprise.  I think my wife got it for herself, but surprised me with it.	That's pretty cool! I hope everything goes well with the training and raising of it. Your wife sounds really cool to do that for you.
2	I was excited when I was accepted into graduate school	I was excited when I was accepted into graduate school	I bet
2	I saw someone who was making much more money than me doing a the same thing as me but a very bad job. But I still wished I was on their place and paid as much [SEP] I know what you mean, maybe ask if the place is hiring?  [SEP] Yeah well I'm online entrepreneur so it's more complicated. I don't want to charge as much at the same time. They're kind of scamming people but I still felt envious, then got over it.	Yeah well I'm online entrepreneur so it's more complicated. I don't want to charge as much at the same time. They're kind of scamming people but I still felt envious, then got over it.	ohh okay I see, yeah that is a difficult situation. I hope it works out for you and best of luck buddy! :)
3	I had an interview last week for a part-time-job and I hope I get it it. I have been an unemployed student for 6 months and the work would help! [SEP] I will send all the good vibes! Is it in a field you could see yourself making a career of? [SEP] No, it is unrelated to my career field and temporary work. Thanks for the good vibes. Waiting to hear back from an interview is nerve racking! 	No, it is unrelated to my career field and temporary work. Thanks for the good vibes. Waiting to hear back from an interview is nerve racking! 	Always, it is. And it sounds empty to say "it will all work out for the best"....but it will! In the meantime, are you applying/interviewing for other positions?
3	 I hate scary movies, they scare me so much, especially jumpscares [SEP] Oh yeah, I can't take scary movies of any kind.  I used to watch some of them when I was in my 20's.  What kind of movies do you like? [SEP] I like action and comedies mostly, some dramas	I like action and comedies mostly, some dramas	Yeah, they are way better than scary ones. Seems like there are horror movies coming out every other day now a days.
4	Hi, my boss my fired me for no reason	Hi, my boss my fired me for no reason	I'm sorry, I think it's an opportunity to start a new job better
3	I remember when a hamburger was only a dollar. [SEP] Inflation sucks [SEP] Yeah, those were the good old days.	Yeah, those were the good old days.	Hopefully we don't turn out like Zimbabwe or the Weimar Republic
1	I accidentally sent my boss an inappropriate text last night! I'm so mortified! [SEP] Oh crap! That's not good! [SEP] No, it's not! I meant to send it to my best friend. I don't know how I'm going to face him on Monday!	No, it's not! I meant to send it to my best friend. I don't know how I'm going to face him on Monday!	That may be kinda awkward.
6	I lent some money to a friend. [SEP] Is he a reliable friend? [SEP] He is, I was a little worried though if I would get it back.	He is, I was a little worried though if I would get it back.	I am sure you will. It could take awhile but im sure he will make enough to pay you back. or is it a she?
5	My little sister has to sleep in my room this week while we have company over. [SEP] Do you think she will keep you awake? How old is she? [SEP] She is 11 and always goes through my stuff and uses my makeup. It gets on my nerves.	She is 11 and always goes through my stuff and uses my makeup. It gets on my nerves.	Maybe you can hide some of your things, or put them in a safe place. 
2	The new job for me is going to be great! [SEP] What field are you in? [SEP] It is the field of technology	It is the field of technology	That is awesome, I hope it goes well
4	Never regretted it one bit ,amidst the spate of marital problems these days	Never regretted it one bit ,amidst the spate of marital problems these days	Good for you. Don't live with regrets. Learn from mistakes and move on.
1	I always wake up before my two year old. I love to just cuddle her and look at her while she sleeps. It makes me so happy.	I always wake up before my two year old. I love to just cuddle her and look at her while she sleeps. It makes me so happy.	Awww! Sounds like you're a great parent!
1	I had to fart in a meeting room and it ended up being really loud.... and there was a lul in the conversation so everyone heard it [SEP] Oh my gosh!  I would be mortified!  Did your face turn red? [SEP] Yep	Yep	Wow!  That had to be so embarrassing!  I would probably quit my job!
4	My cat died yesterday.	My cat died yesterday.	Oh I am sorry to hear that, how old was it?
4	I recently discovered that a coworker's decision have led to me having a big increase in my workload - it was super disappointing!	I recently discovered that a coworker's decision have led to me having a big increase in my workload - it was super disappointing!	I am very sorry! That is very frustrating! Can you speak with a supervisor about the situation?
6	Just sent out some applications for my dream schools.	Just sent out some applications for my dream schools.	Oooh, that's exciting!  What schools did you apply for?
5	I really think I am going to get the preapproval from the bank for my new home purchase...  [SEP] That is nice. Are you excited [SEP] Like you would not believe! I am so happy for it, and feeling positive. 	Like you would not believe! I am so happy for it, and feeling positive. 	It should be a easy process
4	My apartment was robbed. I was totaly devastated by seeing the damages and what was stolen.	My apartment was robbed. I was totaly devastated by seeing the damages and what was stolen.	Wow I am so sorry. That had to be so scary.  Were the cops able to find any evidence?
3	My friends ha to push me from behind because I refused to slid down the slide. [SEP] That is very mean of them. How did you react? [SEP] I know right? I was screaming the whole way down.	I know right? I was screaming the whole way down.	I hope it wasn't too scary for you and you can laugh it off now.
1	I was outside when lightning struck a tree that was close to me.	I was outside when lightning struck a tree that was close to me.	That must have been scary. 
1	My nephew starts 10th grade this year! [SEP] thats awesome [SEP] Thanks!  And he is playing football too!  Love that kid	Thanks!  And he is playing football too!  Love that kid	thats so cool, good for him
1	I can't wait till next week.  School starts on Monday. [SEP] That's great! Are you in school or teaching? [SEP] Both actually.  Im a teacher but I am taking a class on the side too.	Both actually.  Im a teacher but I am taking a class on the side too.	That's awesome! I am currently in college myself. I actually just finished two summer courses today. Not going to lie though, I could use a bit of a break before the fall semester begins.
2	I'm very happy with my baking skills, people tell me I make really good cookies [SEP] I would love to try them. [SEP] I make chocolate chip, but snickerdoodles are my favorite	I make chocolate chip, but snickerdoodles are my favorite	I really love snickerdoodles!
2	Last week, when I was in the meeting, my boss got an acute heart attack. [SEP] I bet that was scary. [SEP] Yes that was. I was very shocked. He is very young and now he's in coma	Yes that was. I was very shocked. He is very young and now he's in coma	Thats sad to hear. i hope he pulls through.
7	i refused to compromise my stand in honesty	i refused to compromise my stand in honesty	Good for you.  Being honest is important.
3	I just bought a pair of jeans and wasn't expecting them to fit very well but they did [SEP] Its always nice to find clothes that fit well [SEP] It is, I'll have to buy this brand more often.	It is, I'll have to buy this brand more often.	Yeah, if you find a brand you like, stick with it
0	I was holding my brother's newborn earlier today... I held them up a little bit, with them facing down at me, and they puked all over me. Pretty cool. Can't get the smell of baby vomit out of my nose. [SEP] I have had that happen to me many times. [SEP] Yeah, it was kind of a wake-up call, since I'm of the age to have children. Like, "Well, this is what I have to look forward to." I'm not wild about the idea of having to deal with getting little sleep and having to deal with their bodily fluids. But I know it will make my wife happy.	Yeah, it was kind of a wake-up call, since I'm of the age to have children. Like, "Well, this is what I have to look forward to." I'm not wild about the idea of having to deal with getting little sleep and having to deal with their bodily fluids. But I know it will make my wife happy.	It is definitely  a lot of work, but it is the best type of work I have ever done.
4	I lost all my savings in Vegas last week because of my gambling problem.	I lost all my savings in Vegas last week because of my gambling problem.	I'm so so sorry to hear that, it can't be easy being in that position. Have you spoken to anyone close to you about it?
5	Yesterday I got so drunk, I shouted at my wife and made a mess in my house.	Yesterday I got so drunk, I shouted at my wife and made a mess in my house.	Oh no! You should never lash out on people while drunk, the worst of things can happen under the influence.
2	My dog was my best friend, now he's gone and I feel isolated. [SEP] Oh no I'm so sorry to hear that. Are you thinking about getting another one? [SEP] No, I couldn't do that.	No, I couldn't do that.	Oh I understand. They say time heals all wounds, I hope it does in your case as well.
3	I was very sad when my grandmother passed away. [SEP] I am so sorry to hear that!  Don't worry.  I know it is hard but every day will get better. [SEP] It does get better, but it was just so sudden.	It does get better, but it was just so sudden.	Just be strong.  She is in a better place now.
3	My dog started to get lumps along her stomach so I'm taking her o the vet tomorrow [SEP] Oh no, I hope she is OK! Glad you are taking her to the vet. Is she doing OK other than the lumps? [SEP] She's also been refusing food and vomitting so...not looking so good unfortunatly	She's also been refusing food and vomitting so...not looking so good unfortunatly	Aww, poor girl. Hopefully the vet can figure it out and it isn't anything too serious. You're doing the right thing.
3	I am depressed most of the time. Im going to therapy and taking meds. I feel like im broken [SEP] Oh I'm sorry that you are going through that. Have you discussed changing your medication up with your doctor? [SEP] We have changed it multiple times and nothing is really working. Its so frustrating. I just want myself back and I cant have him	We have changed it multiple times and nothing is really working. Its so frustrating. I just want myself back and I cant have him	I hope one day you can find a solution and get back to being the old you.
8	I never thought I would miss high school. [SEP] Oh I have felt that way before. When did you graduate? [SEP] 2002. I just didnt have to pay bills back then. I don't like it anymore lol	2002. I just didnt have to pay bills back then. I don't like it anymore lol	I can totally understand that. I was so excited to get out into the 'real' world. I did one enlistment in the military after high school, and now I am in college. Rude awakening after high school!
4	My mom got scammed out of hundreds of dollars.	My mom got scammed out of hundreds of dollars.	Dude! That sucks! I am so sorry about that. What happened?
5	I just aet a whole pack of cookies [SEP] Oh my, do you feel content with all that sugar in your body? [SEP] Not really. I feel ashamed of myself	Not really. I feel ashamed of myself	Its okay, you should treat yourself every now and then!
1	The latest models of cars are sophisticated [SEP] I agree. Do you have a new car? [SEP] Not yet,though I'm a car enthusiasts	Not yet,though I'm a car enthusiasts	Oh cool. I love visiting car shows myself.
7	It's birthday soon. I want to be a better person.	It's birthday soon. I want to be a better person.	Make that wish when you blow out the candles
2	The other day while my wife was asleep, i ate her leftovers [SEP] What were the leftovers? [SEP] Shrimp with friend rice 	Shrimp with friend rice 	I enjoy fried rice! I hope she wasn't too upset.
3	I couldn't believe it when my kid started taking his first steps the other day. It was unexpected because he had not even come close before. [SEP] I hope you got it on camera, I would if i was in your shoeas [SEP] I did get it on camera. I can't wait to show him when he is older.	I did get it on camera. I can't wait to show him when he is older.	Nice, buddy he will thank you for it when he grows up
6	My buddy just came to work showing off his big new tundra.	My buddy just came to work showing off his big new tundra.	Oh cool!  Is he going to let you drive it?  lol
1	I saw a woman blow her nose in to her shirt. [SEP] Oh gross! That must have been disgusting to see. [SEP] It was very gross to witness!	It was very gross to witness!	Wow, I can only imagine what other gross things she does.
1	I lost my wallet the other day. i was very upset. I didn't even expect to find it but i got a call this morning and some old man told me he found it and he wants to return it to me! My faith in humanity is restored [SEP] That's great news! I find most people are good, honest folk. It's the few rotten ones that make us forget that. [SEP] that's true! I'm going to meet this man today after work and i will definitely give him a small gift 	that's true! I'm going to meet this man today after work and i will definitely give him a small gift 	That's so nice of you. As I said, most people are very nice. You at least now have peace of mind.
6	I was trying to get some work done but people kept interrupting me with questions.	I was trying to get some work done but people kept interrupting me with questions.	Did you flip out?
3	My bag split open at a coffee shop other day. Everything dropped loudly onto the floor. [SEP] Omg that must have been really embarrassing. Did anyone came to your rescue? [SEP] No, I just had to pick it all up and... obviously I ran out as fast as I could.	No, I just had to pick it all up and... obviously I ran out as fast as I could.	Haha. I can just imagine you running away. 
3	I've been having a sharp pain in my chest lately. Tomorrow, I go to the doctors and I am optimistic it isn't something too serious... [SEP] Where on your chest? [SEP] I think near my lungs, I'm hopeful it's nothing serious.	I think near my lungs, I'm hopeful it's nothing serious.	Hopefully it works out for you
6	I want to go to a concert this weekend, it's a singer I liked a long time ago	I want to go to a concert this weekend, it's a singer I liked a long time ago	Who is the singer?
8	I will never forget when my daughter was born and they gave her to me for the first time! [SEP] That is an amazing feeling. I have three daughters. It doesn't matter how many you have, the first time you hold them, its amazing. [SEP] I have 3 little ones too! I had a girl, then boy, then girl! Such a precious moment!	I have 3 little ones too! I had a girl, then boy, then girl! Such a precious moment!	That's awesome. I would love to have a boy too, but I'm not sure if I want another one or not. 
7	I am really hoping I get accepted into the school counseling program for grad school. [SEP] Do you think you have a good shot? [SEP] I think so! I just have to be prepared for the interview.	I think so! I just have to be prepared for the interview.	Is the interview soon? Good luck.
4	My best friend just sent me the, oh nevermind not tonight text again.	My best friend just sent me the, oh nevermind not tonight text again.	Sorry to hear that, thats disappointing when people pull out last minute.
0	Man I bought this stupid new printer.  I paid a lot of money for it. [SEP] That sounds like a bummer, what brand? [SEP] Brother.  It's a laser printer.   For some reason it don't work.	Brother.  It's a laser printer.   For some reason it don't work.	Too bad you don't have a pond you can throw it into.
4	I feel like I have let my family down. I got into trouble with the law.  [SEP] Oh that's not good. What did you do?  [SEP] I lied to the cops about something I was questioned about. Truthfully, I didn't want other people to get into trouble. But instead, I was charged with making false statements to the police. 	I lied to the cops about something I was questioned about. Truthfully, I didn't want other people to get into trouble. But instead, I was charged with making false statements to the police. 	I'm sorry you are going through that. Sometimes telling the truth is the best, even if other people might get in trouble.
3	My son recently was jumping on the couch and broke it. [SEP] Wow! Did you punish him or anything? [SEP] I was so mad! I ended up telling him to get to his room and he would have to work off paying for a new couch	I was so mad! I ended up telling him to get to his room and he would have to work off paying for a new couch	Well I hope he learns his lesson!
6	Hi, so I made the bad decision of watching a horror film late at night alone.	Hi, so I made the bad decision of watching a horror film late at night alone.	Did you end up having nightmares?
7	The other day I was at the store and this guy was carrying like 40 bags all by himself! It was really amazing! [SEP] He must be a super hero, I would have offered to help him haha.  [SEP] He was just walking out, looking like the Hulk	He was just walking out, looking like the Hulk	I wish I could have seen that sight, ask him for his workout schedule.
6	I was crossing the street the other day. As I was crossing, I tripped and fell to the ground.	I was crossing the street the other day. As I was crossing, I tripped and fell to the ground.	That must have hurt, did you get injured?
8	ive been waiting for months for the new madden, it finally comes out friday [SEP] Heck yeah! I myself have never been into madden, more of a NBA2k guy. [SEP] i love 2k, proam is the best!	i love 2k, proam is the best!	I've been playing it since I was a kid, but I always wait like 3 years in between buying them.
3	I just got some crushing news. I just got a call to tell me I did not get the job I really wanted. [SEP] Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that!  [SEP] Yea it was a really great opportunity too. It will be hard to find something similar.	Yea it was a really great opportunity too. It will be hard to find something similar.	Hopefully something similar will come up soon. Maybe you can check for another position in the company you're hoping for!
3	my husband started doing online work. it caught me off guard [SEP] ohh, but why did it surprise you? [SEP] i didn't expect him to start doing that. he knew i did it but never mentioned any interest in it.	i didn't expect him to start doing that. he knew i did it but never mentioned any interest in it.	That's good for you though, now you both get paid
3	I am still goin to court for child support. [SEP] That must be incredibly annoying to have to deal with. To constantly have to battle for what you feel is justified support, and to always be worrying about it in the back of your head. You have to be really resilient to go through that. [SEP] Its been ten years and it doesnt even show up half of the time. I told the judge the last time I don't even want it anymore.	Its been ten years and it doesnt even show up half of the time. I told the judge the last time I don't even want it anymore.	Wow.. That's almost noble. I hope you're able to still properly survive without it, especially since it's unfair that you're not getting it in the first place. I'm sorry you're being put in that position. One day I'm sure your children will recognize and appreciate you had to go through for them.
4	Its been almost a year since my granny passed. I miss her so much	Its been almost a year since my granny passed. I miss her so much	I'm sorry. I bet you you miss her. That is so hard.
7	I was going through old pictures the other day of when my daughter was little, it was pretty neat reliving some of those days. [SEP] Thats awesome, i dont have kids yet but i was also looking through some old school photos of me and my friends. Such innocent times. [SEP] She's 18 now and will graduate this year, time sure does fly.	She's 18 now and will graduate this year, time sure does fly.	Yes it does, I wish her the best! early adulthood is the best time!
6	We had a flood in our basement and I lost a bunch of old photos.	We had a flood in our basement and I lost a bunch of old photos.	Man I bet you were devastated did you lose anything else?
6	I  admire my mom for leaving her job she has been at for a long time.	I  admire my mom for leaving her job she has been at for a long time.	Why did she leave?
3	My neighbor's home burned down. There was an outpour of support from the community. [SEP] That's good to hear, it's inspiring to see humans support each other in times of need I think. [SEP] Defintely. They cried, because they weren't expecting the support.	Defintely. They cried, because they weren't expecting the support.	Wow they sound like nice people to me, I hope their insurance is in order so they can be comfortable again soon.
0	I'm such a dummy, I left a door open in my car overnight and now the battery is dead. [SEP] This happened to me! Don't feel bad, it happens to people such as us! [SEP] Yeah that's true. My wife had to take another car in this morning, I just hope she isn't upset with me.	Yeah that's true. My wife had to take another car in this morning, I just hope she isn't upset with me.	She'll forgive you eventually. You'll never make the same mistake again I promise you that!
3	I bought a jacket the other day which I wanted for ages only to get it and not like it in person [SEP] OH no! Can you return it? [SEP] Luckily I can but it's just a bit dissapointing	Luckily I can but it's just a bit dissapointing	Yeah , sometimes stuff looks way better on the model.
3	I'm really glad I have the family I do.	I'm really glad I have the family I do.	That's good :)  Having a good family always makes life easier.
8	We're taking a family trip to the lake this Sunday to go fishing. I'm looking forward to it, since I really like fishing but haven't been in a while. [SEP] That is great, I have never been fishing before [SEP] It's pretty relaxing! It doesn't require much out of you, so if you enjoy being out with nature (and getting something good to eat while you're doing it), it's a fun time.	It's pretty relaxing! It doesn't require much out of you, so if you enjoy being out with nature (and getting something good to eat while you're doing it), it's a fun time.	I wil give it a shot some time then!
4	i was not happy when i couldnt leave work on time	i was not happy when i couldnt leave work on time	Sorry to hear that.. Did you miss something important?
2	I am so excited! I am going to Hawaii next week	I am so excited! I am going to Hawaii next week	That really is something to get excited about! I've never been outside of the country, so I'm jealous of people that get the chance to. I hope you're able to get everything out of the trip that you want to
8	I always like making sure I am ready for anything! I always pack a ton of food when I am on long car rides. 	I always like making sure I am ready for anything! I always pack a ton of food when I am on long car rides. 	I used to do the same thing when I went on long trips.  I would also bring extra things like blankets if it was winter.
5	I was at a retail store and was ignored by the cashier who was checking me out.	I was at a retail store and was ignored by the cashier who was checking me out.	That's always rough, maybe she didn't hear you?
8	I had to do a presentation for school. I researched the subject and was certain that I had all my facts in order [SEP] What happened? Did you? [SEP] I wasn't nervous because I was so sure of myself.	I wasn't nervous because I was so sure of myself.	That's perfect then, i'm sure you did a great job@
6	My new semester starts next week and I think it will be my best one yet.	My new semester starts next week and I think it will be my best one yet.	Aw yeah! What year are you in college?
1	A friend just published her own book. I don't know how she does it! [SEP] That's awesome! What is the name of the book? [SEP] I honestly can't remember right now (don't tell her I said that), but I know she worked on it for a long time. 	I honestly can't remember right now (don't tell her I said that), but I know she worked on it for a long time. 	That's great. I produce audio and I have an album coming out by the end of the summer! Tell her to keep it up!
7	"I just found out I am pregnant after years of trying! [SEP] That's really great! I'm so happy for you! [SEP] Thank you! I've had so many disappointments but it's finally happened! I couldn't be happier.	Thank you! I've had so many disappointments but it's finally happened! I couldn't be happier.	Well I think you will make a great parent. Congratulations!
5	My iguana ran away today. [SEP] That is not good, I don't think iguana's can live out in the wild. [SEP] They sure can't! I was so upset. I do hope I find him in the next couple of days.	They sure can't! I was so upset. I do hope I find him in the next couple of days.	maybe you should lay out some bait, he has to get hungry sometime.
6	My neighbor hit my dog backing out of her driveway because she sped out of it like some speed demon!	My neighbor hit my dog backing out of her driveway because she sped out of it like some speed demon!	That is terrible. What did you do?
3	So the other day while parked on the street someone hit my car and drove away! [SEP] Oh no, that's messed up! [SEP] I know I'm annoyed I have to pay the bill.	I know I'm annoyed I have to pay the bill.	Hopefully your insurance will help out.
7	So excited to get a puppy! [SEP] Oh awesome! What kind of puppy are you getting? [SEP] A little husky, she's got blue eyes.	A little husky, she's got blue eyes.	Huskies are the best breed! They're so derpy and cute!
3	My friend said they wanted to talk to me and didn't sound like their usual on the phone. [SEP] what did they want to talk about [SEP] I don't know. I'm kinda worried.	I don't know. I'm kinda worried.	ah i hope it turns out well for you
3	I was mad when my brother got in trouble for no reason. My parents punished him for the wrong reasons	I was mad when my brother got in trouble for no reason. My parents punished him for the wrong reasons	That doesn't seem fair, I  hope they changed their ways eventually.
6	I couldn't believe my eyes when my favorite aunt pulled up to get me from school.	I couldn't believe my eyes when my favorite aunt pulled up to get me from school.	That is awesome. Did you get to do anything fun with her?
5	The girls at work shocked me with a baby shower when I was pregnant with my first kid. [SEP] That must mean they think you're a pretty cool person! People usually don't go through that kind of effort unless they think you're worth it and deserve it. So, kudos to you for having that kind of effect on others! [SEP] Those were a great group of ladies I worked with.	Those were a great group of ladies I worked with.	Oh, you don't work with them anymore? Or maybe it was because you decided to be a stay-at-home mother? 
6	I received a random package in the mail today... it was a late birthday gift! [SEP] Nothing like mail to brighten up your day! What was it? [SEP] It was one of those little instant cameras, so exciting!	It was one of those little instant cameras, so exciting!	What a great gift! I have always wanted a Polaroid instant camera!
1	My first child is due in a couple of months, and I am a little nervous. [SEP] I think everyone gets nervous. You'll be fine! [SEP] Thank you, I am trying to stay calm.	Thank you, I am trying to stay calm.	It must be an exciting time, too.
3	My grades come in tomorrow for my language exam. Crossing fingers for a good result... [SEP] I hope you did a really great job. [SEP] Thanks, I do too. I am going to stay confident that I got the grade I want.	Thanks, I do too. I am going to stay confident that I got the grade I want.	That's all you can do at this point 
0	My mother is sick in the hospital. I am optimistic she will make it through [SEP] That sad. I hope she is okay. [SEP] Thank you, I am trying to see a positive out of this.	Thank you, I am trying to see a positive out of this.	It will be fine. Make sure you spend time with her and let her know that it will be okay. It can be helpful/
1	I was stoked when I got my first XBOX 360 for Christmas as a teenager.  Now I don't even play video games [SEP] What games did you liked? [SEP] I played a lot of COD	I played a lot of COD	I like a lot COD. It is one of my favorites.
6	When I turned 30 years old, my wife shocked me with a surprise birthday party!	When I turned 30 years old, my wife shocked me with a surprise birthday party!	That sounds like a lot of fun! Did you have a great time?
3	My friend broke up with his girlfriend of 10 years after she lost a lot of weight. [SEP] He did not like the way she looked? [SEP] No. He'll always love her no matter what she looks like. He just couldn't take the attention she was getting from other guys anymore.	No. He'll always love her no matter what she looks like. He just couldn't take the attention she was getting from other guys anymore.	I guess thats a reason alright
0	I went through allof m FB photo albums today [SEP] That's always so fun to see everything that's gone on in your life.  Do you have a favorite moment that was captured in a picture? [SEP] I was really looking at my kids pictures and how they have grown so. I could have cried lol [SEP] They grow up so fast!  How many kids do you have? [SEP] Three they are in school now so its bittersweet	Three they are in school now so its bittersweet	Sounds like you are so blessed though!  I know you must miss them while they're away.  You have been a priceless influence on them.  They will always love you!
3	A co-worker of my husband asked me out on a date. I think that was rude and I told him no. [SEP] That could be awkward. I wonder what made him feel he could do that? [SEP] I have no idea, some people just don't think before saying things.	I have no idea, some people just don't think before saying things.	Hopefully he got the point and wont ask again.
2	I went through some pretty tough times. Still, I believed things would get better eventually.	I went through some pretty tough times. Still, I believed things would get better eventually.	 it is a good sign of positivity i guess.. 
7	I have a test coming up and I'm feeling pretty good about it.  [SEP] Nice did you prepare well for it [SEP] Yup I'm going to crush it!	Yup I'm going to crush it!	Awesome good luck
5	I applied to a few jobs, and I was interviewed for the one I was most interested in. I haven't heard back from them though, so I don't think I got the jobl	I applied to a few jobs, and I was interviewed for the one I was most interested in. I haven't heard back from them though, so I don't think I got the jobl	Stay positive, you never know. Maybe send them a polite email saying thank you for the interview and things you liked about the company.
0	I think the braves have a good shot at the world series this year! [SEP] O really i though the Rangers were on top [SEP] The Rangers fell into a slump, are they your favorite team?	The Rangers fell into a slump, are they your favorite team?	Yeah since I live in Texas
5	I can't believe he won't let me play baseball anymore. [SEP] Oh that's terrible! If you don't mind me asking; Who and why? [SEP] My stepdad won't let me play baseball anymore simply because I hurt my arm throwing.	My stepdad won't let me play baseball anymore simply because I hurt my arm throwing.	Maybe he is trying to do what he thinks is best. I'm sure it's out of love not just being mean.
4	I feel terrible about not listening to my child's complaints about being picked on. What was I thinking?	I feel terrible about not listening to my child's complaints about being picked on. What was I thinking?	Sorry to hear that.  How old is he / she
3	I am ready for the weekend, I get to go see my favorite band. [SEP] Well, that's fun! I bet you are really excited about it. [SEP] Yes, I got front row tickets. It is going to be epic.	Yes, I got front row tickets. It is going to be epic.	Oh, front row tickets make it even better! Have a great time.
4	Remember our beautiful dog at home? Well unfortunately he did recently. The family are so so sad.	Remember our beautiful dog at home? Well unfortunately he did recently. The family are so so sad.	I am so sorry to hear about your dog. What happened to him?
0	College football officially starts tomorrow.	College football officially starts tomorrow.	Whoop Whoop! Thanks for reminding me. I have to purchase youtube live for it.
2	My friend showed me a text this guy sent her that shes been talking to. They were talking about where they live in comparison to eachother. The text said "Yeah, and your fat" and I thought wow how rude! But after that he corrected the auto correct saying he meant to say "Yeah, and your far. He must have felt so bad lol [SEP] Omg I was about to say that is so mean and rude and I would be so embarrassed but I know it was a honest mistake I dislike the auto correct.  [SEP] Yeah he was probably like, "aw shucks another one lost to the stupid auto correct, is good grammar really worth it?" HAHA	Yeah he was probably like, "aw shucks another one lost to the stupid auto correct, is good grammar really worth it?" HAHA	lol I hope your friend understood and they can still meet up or communicate and if things work out it's a funny to tell in the future. 
1	I was stunned by the amount of people getting last minte school supplies. [SEP] was it tax free weekend? [SEP] That was last weekend. The stores were still crowded today. I'm gad I got those things weeks ago.	That was last weekend. The stores were still crowded today. I'm gad I got those things weeks ago.	ah.. that sounds like a smart move.
2	My sister graduated with a Master's degree [SEP] wow, good for her! I'm sure she worked really hard to get a degree [SEP] Oh yes many sleepless nights. She is very deserving of that degree. 	Oh yes many sleepless nights. She is very deserving of that degree. 	i'm sure she will be able to find a really great job now !
6	I ordered a beautiful gold watch from the Shopping Channel. When I received it, it looked completely different and was total junk. [SEP] I hate when that happens, especially when you have something else pictured. [SEP] It was completely different! The one I received looks like you would get it at a dollar store, and I paid $200 for it!	It was completely different! The one I received looks like you would get it at a dollar store, and I paid $200 for it!	Are you able to send it back?
0	This guy "friend" my ex was talking to all of the time made me uncofortable	This guy "friend" my ex was talking to all of the time made me uncofortable	I understand. Me too, I don't like people talking too much.
3	I have been jobless for 6 months now. Next week, I have five interviews. I hope to be hire in one of those positions	I have been jobless for 6 months now. Next week, I have five interviews. I hope to be hire in one of those positions	i hope that you will get the job that is going to be what is best for you. stay positive.
6	I found out the other day that I didn't get ther job I interviewed for.	I found out the other day that I didn't get ther job I interviewed for.	thats not good did you aplly for any other jobs?
4	I was dumped a few days ago after 4 years so I'm glad I have a close group of friends who helped me get through it [SEP] That is so sad.  It sucks to end any relationship. [SEP] Indeed it does. Even more so when they don't give you a good reason other than 'I need more excitement in my life'	Indeed it does. Even more so when they don't give you a good reason other than 'I need more excitement in my life'	That seems like a pretty crazy reason to throw away four years.  I am sorry that happened to you.
2	I recently went to a safari where I was riding in a vehicle and one of the elephants got a bit rowdy and pushed up against the truck. I was freaking out! [SEP] Oh wow! That must have been frightening! That sounds like an exciting experience, though. [SEP] I'm not going to lie, it kind of made the experience even better in hindsight!	I'm not going to lie, it kind of made the experience even better in hindsight!	No kidding! That will be a memory that you will be unlikely to forget!
2	I was shocked in a good way this weekend. My brother got us football tickets	I was shocked in a good way this weekend. My brother got us football tickets	Well, that's good. Sounds like you guys will be having some fun watching the game. Much better than TV!
6	My friend told me I'm getting fat.	My friend told me I'm getting fat.	lol...thats harsh! are you?
8	Ever been to a haunted house?	Ever been to a haunted house?	Yes, I didn't like it at all. I'm not into jump scares.
6	My dog ate the steak I had cooked for my date. 	My dog ate the steak I had cooked for my date. 	Oh no! Was the date still good?
3	When I went back to work I felt very uneasy about taking my infant to daycare. I was so upset and worried. [SEP] I feel you.I had the same feeling when I first left my child on day-care  [SEP] I'm glad you understand. I would panic at work, I couldn't relax! I ended up deciding to stay home with him full time after just three weeks back at work.	I'm glad you understand. I would panic at work, I couldn't relax! I ended up deciding to stay home with him full time after just three weeks back at work.	You are gonna have to let go one day.It's gonna be hard
1	I couldn't believe my eyes when my favorite aunt pulled up to get me from school. [SEP] That is awesome. Did you get to do anything fun with her? [SEP] yes we went to go see the first harry potter movie ever	yes we went to go see the first harry potter movie ever	Cool I like Harry Potter. You have a really nice aunt!
3	I asked my son to clean the kitchen. He left dirty dishes in the sink and garbage on the counter.	I asked my son to clean the kitchen. He left dirty dishes in the sink and garbage on the counter.	Oh thats not good..sometimes teenagers can be alittle messy
6	I decided to change jobs lately, but I am now not sure about my decision. 	I decided to change jobs lately, but I am now not sure about my decision. 	Are your not liking your new job?
4	My mother is litltle sick lately. So I bought her an unexpected gift.	My mother is litltle sick lately. So I bought her an unexpected gift.	Oh, I am so sorry to hear that. Did you get her something nice?
0	I was feeling so bad after fighting with my spouse and realizing it was actually my fault. [SEP] Did everything turn out okay? [SEP] Yeah it was but I just felt embarrassed at the time.	Yeah it was but I just felt embarrassed at the time.	We all have our moments.
2	My friend really is stronger than he looks. I thought he would have issues curling 35 lbs but he did it pretty easily.  [SEP] That's amazing! I wish I could lift that much. [SEP] I'm getting there myself, I can curl about 30 lbs. I'm pretty proud of his gains though.	I'm getting there myself, I can curl about 30 lbs. I'm pretty proud of his gains though.	You'll get there in no time. I believe in you.
1	I'm always feeling like I'm on the verge of something awesome about to happen. I don't know what it is it must be the winning streak I'm on these days [SEP] Does anything awesome ever end up happening? [SEP] Yes everyday $$$$	Yes everyday $$$$	That's whats up
6	i was scared being home alone last night	i was scared being home alone last night	I get like that, was there a particular reason or just don't like it in general?
5	I cant wait to go on my end of summer trip in texas. [SEP] Sounds like fun. What you got planned ? [SEP] not really sure but im excited to just be invited	not really sure but im excited to just be invited	Got any family out there? Cousins perhaps
6	I can't wait to try out my new gold club!	I can't wait to try out my new gold club!	Gold club where?
4	I have a dentist appointment next week.  [SEP] Ut oh.. are you nervous? [SEP] Very much so! I do not like going!	Very much so! I do not like going!	I'm sorry.  Don't worry.  It never is as bad as you think it will be.
4	lately I saw a really beautiful piece of art and I loved it. [SEP] Oh, what was it? [SEP] It was an art based on the game Zelda! 	It was an art based on the game Zelda! 	That is my favorite video game!
1	I frequently curl up with a good book to relax.	I frequently curl up with a good book to relax.	Oh, I love to read as well.  Especially during a rain next to a window.
4	I got in my car to go to a baseball game. I was really excited to see some of my favorite players. When I got there, heavy rain started to come down. Eventually they cancelled the game.  [SEP] That has been happening a lot lately.  Everyone in the US seems to be getting wet. [SEP] It makes me so angry! All I wanted to do was relax and enjoy the game.	It makes me so angry! All I wanted to do was relax and enjoy the game.	Im so sorry you got rained out.  Do you at least get a refund?
2	my cat vomited on my rug today [SEP] Ugh, I hate when that happens. Do you think the cat ate something bad? [SEP] not sure but it was really horrible	not sure but it was really horrible	I bet. Poor kitty, I hope he/she feels better soon.
6	Went to Texas, and it was raining pretty hard the whole time I was there.	Went to Texas, and it was raining pretty hard the whole time I was there.	It's been raining hard here in Virginia too. Did you get whisked away in a flash flood?
6	I am so upset.	I am so upset.	Why?
6	I am getting transferred out of the country for my job. I sold my house and all my furniture and am ready to go start a new life.	I am getting transferred out of the country for my job. I sold my house and all my furniture and am ready to go start a new life.	Wow, that's quite the shift! Did you have any difficulties leaving things behind you?
1	One pleasant morning I saw the new roses blossom in my garden.	One pleasant morning I saw the new roses blossom in my garden.	I love flowers, that's great!
0	I think I'm catching a cold, I hope it's nothing serious. [SEP] Oh my, I think you should stock up on Vitamin C and hydrate yourself just in case. [SEP] That seems like a good idea, maybe some chicken noodle soup too.	That seems like a good idea, maybe some chicken noodle soup too.	I agree, hot chicken soup is the way to go. I hope its just the weather and not a cold
5	Last year, I felt very nostalgic.	Last year, I felt very nostalgic.	Did you miss someone or a place maybe.?
6	I forgot my lunch at home two days in a row.	I forgot my lunch at home two days in a row.	that is bad, are there other options?
0	There were a lot of reasons why I needed to put my pictures of my mom away after she died but I found one this morning out of nowhere and it brought back some great memories instead of tears for once.	There were a lot of reasons why I needed to put my pictures of my mom away after she died but I found one this morning out of nowhere and it brought back some great memories instead of tears for once.	Im glad to hear it brought memories and not tears! Its hard losing a parent. 
7	I knew I was going to pass my math test. I studied all week	I knew I was going to pass my math test. I studied all week	Congratulations! Hard work does pay off.
7	Yesterday I went to the garage to look for some tools and found a dead rat instead! [SEP] Yikes. I live in the south and we don't get those. Just palmetto bugs (flying roaches). I think I'd rather have those than rats, personally. [SEP] Yes, I hate rats! and it was already smelling really bad.	Yes, I hate rats! and it was already smelling really bad.	My girlfriend has complained about rats too, since she lives in the midwest. Says she'll be taking out the trash and she'll hear them scurrying and it will freak her out. Good luck to you guys who have to deal with the little disease-infested things..
2	I got a speeding ticket today on my way back from work. I did not believe it so I tried to argue with the cop, still got the the ticket. [SEP] That's too bad. Are you thinking about going to court for it? [SEP] Yes, I will try to fight it in court. That was just wrong to ticket me for going 32 in a 30 plus I was going down a hill.	Yes, I will try to fight it in court. That was just wrong to ticket me for going 32 in a 30 plus I was going down a hill.	Yeah, that's a load of whack. I hope you win your case and show those pigs who's boss.
5	I invited all of my online friends in Fortnite. None of them joined to my surprise.	I invited all of my online friends in Fortnite. None of them joined to my surprise.	Oh wow. Maybe they were busy doing other things? Did you find anyone else to play with?
7	My father passed away over the winter and we are huge baseball fans. This is the first season not watching games with him. [SEP] Oh my goodness that is so sad, I am sorry to hear about your father. Are you handling him being gone okay? [SEP] I am but baseball has kind of thrown it out of sorts. We really enjoyed going to games together when I was growing up. [SEP] I understand completely. I hope that you can enjoy going to more games, and carry on his spirit when you go. [SEP] I always try. Thank you for lending an ear.	I always try. Thank you for lending an ear.	Always!
8	I was on my way to an interview the other day and was overly anxious. [SEP] Oh, those are never fun. But they usually end up being better than you expect.  [SEP] That's so true, it ended up going over very well. I had no reason to be nervous.	That's so true, it ended up going over very well. I had no reason to be nervous.	But at least you took the time to prepare! That's better than some people
3	I am envious of my best friend. He has a sick car with a phat stereo system. [SEP] Do you at least get to ride in it with him? [SEP] Yeah but I want to have a ride like that too. I guess I need to start saving better.	Yeah but I want to have a ride like that too. I guess I need to start saving better.	Yeah, it's always better to get motivated rather than jealous! Use it as motivation to save more money.
4	I feel abandon these days. [SEP] Whats wrong? Did anything happen? Have you reached out to any friends lately? [SEP] My wife left me a month ago.My friends are trying to help me,but it's not working	My wife left me a month ago.My friends are trying to help me,but it's not working	Aw man, Im sorry. That sounds rough. I know how you feel. Time usually helps but it's pretty gradual. Hang in there.
1	My neighbor is so loud at night. Everynight after 11pm shes out in the parking lot, in and out of her vehicle making noise. 	My neighbor is so loud at night. Everynight after 11pm shes out in the parking lot, in and out of her vehicle making noise. 	that must be pretty frustrating
1	I recently got a job with better pay. I'm stoked to see my first paycheck.	I recently got a job with better pay. I'm stoked to see my first paycheck.	More money is always nice
3	I ate some bad meat this morning. It made me really sick [SEP] I hope your okay! Do you think you have food poising? [SEP] I think the meat might have expired, which was my fault	I think the meat might have expired, which was my fault	Oh I see, make sure to look at expriatian date next time :)
0	I wish that when people say they are going to do something or make a promise, that they would stick to it.	I wish that when people say they are going to do something or make a promise, that they would stick to it.	I know exactly what you mean. I have been let down many times, and it's never a good feeling.
4	My aunt was rushed to the hospital a few days ago. They are currently monitoring her condition.	My aunt was rushed to the hospital a few days ago. They are currently monitoring her condition.	i am sorry to hear that, i know she will be better
5	I'm going to eat sushi for the first time this coming weekend. [SEP] Yum! Sushi is so good, I'm sure you'll enjoy it! I like the eel roll and spicy tuna roll. [SEP] Thanks for the recommendations! I'm a bit nervous about it, but I hope I will enjoy it.	Thanks for the recommendations! I'm a bit nervous about it, but I hope I will enjoy it.	I'm sure you will! Maybe start with a simple roll like the california roll or ask the waitress for recomendations. 
7	I finslly applied to college this year after 10 years of procrastination	I finslly applied to college this year after 10 years of procrastination	At least you took the steps to do it congratulations.
7	Some guy I saw homeless 10 years ago, now makes 100k a year! [SEP] That's so inspiring! How did he do that? [SEP] He learned he had a talent for music and became a singer. I was beyond impressed!	He learned he had a talent for music and became a singer. I was beyond impressed!	Oh wow, what a claim to fame! 
5	i'm 800 miles from my family [SEP] Wow that is very far away. Do you get to visit often? [SEP] i try but money is tight	i try but money is tight	Yeah that is a bummer. Maybe one day you will live closer together.
8	what did you do about it	what did you do about it	I'm not sure what we are talking about here. 
4	I'm pretty self-assured in my capabilities.  But sometimes I fear the worst for the majority of my generation who would have no idea how to raise a family, profit from their own sweat and hard work, have an organic conversation, or let alone survive a World War 3.	I'm pretty self-assured in my capabilities.  But sometimes I fear the worst for the majority of my generation who would have no idea how to raise a family, profit from their own sweat and hard work, have an organic conversation, or let alone survive a World War 3.	Well you shouldn't fear things we have no control over anyway. I'm sorry you feel anxiety over this.
2	My mother is looking for a better job, since not only are her two current jobs really bad but we also need more household income.	My mother is looking for a better job, since not only are her two current jobs really bad but we also need more household income.	Oh wow im the same, i hope she gets it, its really stressful
0	Last night was trash night and I forgot to take out the rank kitchen trash.	Last night was trash night and I forgot to take out the rank kitchen trash.	Ewww, throw that away ASAP.
2	My friend went on a 4 week trip around the world for his company [SEP] Wow, How lucky! I love to travel. [SEP] Me too. She works for a travel consultation company so they sent her around to take photos. Talk about the best job ever!	Me too. She works for a travel consultation company so they sent her around to take photos. Talk about the best job ever!	Wow, It must be a great job. I have a friend that works for a travel agency in Boston in a similar situation. She said since she started she has been to 32 different countries. 
4	Its difficult for me to trust people at times. [SEP] Why, have you have bad experiences? [SEP] I have throughout my life and have found it difficult to be vulnerable. 	I have throughout my life and have found it difficult to be vulnerable. 	I'm sorry to hear that.
1	I am fat. I feel ashame when I have to change clothes in the men locker room. [SEP] That's too bad.  Have you given serious thought to trying to lose weight? [SEP] I am trying but I never reach my goals.	I am trying but I never reach my goals.	Hmmm.   I encourage you to keep trying.   Even if you don't ge tto your dieal weight, just getting halfway would show trememndous progress.
1	My son passed his exams at school with good grade. I am so proud of him [SEP] Wow, congratulations to him! He must have been studying very hard for his exams. [SEP] Yes, he is smart and a hard working boy.	Yes, he is smart and a hard working boy.	I'm sure he has a bright future ahead! Tell him to keep up the good work.
8	I felt so down when i failed the test at school and didnt win  [SEP] What was the prize you didn't win? [SEP] a golden medal and my name in the gym wall 	a golden medal and my name in the gym wall 	Oh well I'm sure there's always next year! Was it a fitness test or what
3	my brother is sick [SEP] Im sorry to hear that, Is he going to the doctor for help? [SEP] he spent two months in the hospital and is almost a month in to his rehab	he spent two months in the hospital and is almost a month in to his rehab	Oh wow it sounds like he is doing great, I hope he feels better soon!
7	I just knew my basketball team was going to win last weekend. We practice well all week [SEP] You must have been well prepared then! [SEP] We were and played well	We were and played well	Good, I wish my teammates would practice as much.
2	I went to church and everything this week. Maybe I will be blessed in my career!	I went to church and everything this week. Maybe I will be blessed in my career!	I hope that does good things for you. They say if you believe in something enough it comes true.
0	i maxed out all my cards last christmas season, i am so dissapointed by myself	i maxed out all my cards last christmas season, i am so dissapointed by myself	You're not alone I've got a bunch of debt to pay off
1	My dog wants to play tug of war with me with this little rope toy she has. But when we played last night, she got so wild and energetic, that she started attacking my other dog! Not sure if I should do it again.. [SEP] Oh no! maybe she needs a break for a wahile [SEP] I thought so too. Didn't think she'd want to rough-house today. I was just trying to get some work done and she keeps dropping the toy at my feet and whining, and it makes me feel so guilty to ignore her! But she drew blood last night on my other dog, so I'm not sure.	I thought so too. Didn't think she'd want to rough-house today. I was just trying to get some work done and she keeps dropping the toy at my feet and whining, and it makes me feel so guilty to ignore her! But she drew blood last night on my other dog, so I'm not sure.	That's no good. I guess you'll have to find a nicer game.
1	They promoted Sally at my job. Im happy for her but bummed i did not get it [SEP] That is sad. Were you in the running for the job? [SEP] Well she has two more years there so i think that is why they picked her	Well she has two more years there so i think that is why they picked her	Oh. Well that makes sense,I supposed. Still sad. 
4	i cried a lot but i had to let it go [SEP] wow, what happened? [SEP] i had lost a very close friend	i had lost a very close friend	I'm so sorry to hear about that
4	I think me and my ex are broken up for good. [SEP] I see, is that a good thing or bad thing for you? [SEP] Maybe a good thing. We break up so much lol	Maybe a good thing. We break up so much lol	Sorry to hear that. Well yeah, maybe it's for the best
4	Yesterday, when I was cleaning the cupboards, I dropped an antique tea cup and it shattered. [SEP] Oh no. Was it something that was in the family or was it something that you purchased. Either way I'm sorry to hear that.  [SEP] It was my grandmother's so I was very sad about it. Thank you.	It was my grandmother's so I was very sad about it. Thank you.	I'm sorry to heat that. That's something that can't be replaced. 
3	I was up for promotion this year. I lost out to another coworker. I really thought I had it.	I was up for promotion this year. I lost out to another coworker. I really thought I had it.	Oh no, I'm sorry man. Hopefully next time. Were you at least able to reach out and see what you could improve upon? 
5	Expecting the worst and hoping for the best has always worked out in my favor.  	Expecting the worst and hoping for the best has always worked out in my favor.  	I think that way too!
2	I am so ready for my test. I studied for 5 hours striaght. 	I am so ready for my test. I studied for 5 hours striaght. 	I hope you do very well! What subject?
5	I got locked out of my house today because I forgot my key. I called my parents and they were mad at me.	I got locked out of my house today because I forgot my key. I called my parents and they were mad at me.	It happens. Maybe you should hide one somewhere in case you get locked out again.
4	Our home was broken into right after we moved in.	Our home was broken into right after we moved in.	Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that.
0	sometimes I feel all alone!	sometimes I feel all alone!	I know what you mean. That's no fun.
6	I just heard there was an earthquake in Indonesia.	I just heard there was an earthquake in Indonesia.	Really? Any idea how strong it was? Any casualties?
3	I found my deceased grandfathers watch in an old box in my parents attic. It is actually quite valuable, but I don't think I could bring myself to sell it. It has way too much meaning to myself and my family.	I found my deceased grandfathers watch in an old box in my parents attic. It is actually quite valuable, but I don't think I could bring myself to sell it. It has way too much meaning to myself and my family.	I believe there are things in life that are irreplaceable and priceless! There is no amount of money that can give you the true value of your grandfather's watch. I think you should pass it down to your grandchildren.
2	I let my health insurance coverage lapse and don't have any insurance right now. Figured I'd be okay since I'm young and haven't gotten sick or hurt in years. Just yesterday, someone smacked into me and my leg hurts a ton now. [SEP] Ouch that sucks.   Honestly, if you had a crappy obamacare bronze plan its unlikely they'd pay for anything anyways.  Its always a nightmare.    You've got to spend a fair amont of cash before they cover anything but a checkup. [SEP] You're probably right. Although it's the first year I'm off my parent's insurance plan, so I didn't really start the process of looking into them and learning more about them like I should have. When you're young, you just assume you're invincible, especially since I'm a nerd who stays inside most of the time. We'll see how it goes.	You're probably right. Although it's the first year I'm off my parent's insurance plan, so I didn't really start the process of looking into them and learning more about them like I should have. When you're young, you just assume you're invincible, especially since I'm a nerd who stays inside most of the time. We'll see how it goes.	Yep, you'll probably be fine. Give it a couple of days. 
0	Next week Madden 19 comes out, I look forward to it every year! [SEP] I used to play Madden a lot so I understand the excitement.  It is a fun game [SEP] I agree, it also means football season is around the corner which is my happiest time of the year.  What about you? [SEP] I do enjoy football, it means that fall is right around the corner and I love the weather [SEP] Yes thankfully that means summer is going to someday end.  It has been brutally hot where I am.	Yes thankfully that means summer is going to someday end.  It has been brutally hot where I am.	Me too, god bless air conditioning
7	My daughter was in a ballet recital. She danced so beautifully. I was so impressed.  [SEP] That sounds wonderful! I bet it was amazing [SEP] They looked so nice. And it was in a real theater so it seemed so professional. 	They looked so nice. And it was in a real theater so it seemed so professional. 	Wow! I wish I could see something like that
3	I am feeling a bit sad since my wife left for a trip this weekend. My dog is keeping me company. [SEP] I am sorry, maybe you can hang out with some friends [SEP] Yeah, I might need to reach out to some friends. It will be strange to entertain just myself.	Yeah, I might need to reach out to some friends. It will be strange to entertain just myself.	I hope you feel better!
6	School is about to start again! I am so excited. [SEP] It is nice. School can be very exciting. [SEP] My kids are ready too. We are going school shopping tomorrow	My kids are ready too. We are going school shopping tomorrow	Are they happy to go back to school?
6	I was shocked to see a well known good team defeat another well known bad team in a football game last night. [SEP] Haha. Which one were you rooting for? [SEP] I am an underdog lover so the bad team. It was cool to see.	I am an underdog lover so the bad team. It was cool to see.	Were you disappointed that they lost?
6	I've had a slight financial struggle recently. I  don't see a way out of it. 	I've had a slight financial struggle recently. I  don't see a way out of it. 	How did you get into this situation? 
3	I had my eye on a pretty new shirt that I wanted to get. My sister got it and it looked great on her. I was so envious. [SEP] oh wow i am glad she was happy, why were you nervous? [SEP] I wasn't nervous I was envious. I had really wanted it.	I wasn't nervous I was envious. I had really wanted it.	oh don't be, you should be happy for her, there will come a time where you will get something back in return :)
2	I lost my job and my wife is a stay at home mom. I don't know how to pay for rent, i'm so stressed [SEP] oh no. o'm sorry to here that. [SEP] thank you. I had an interview today so i hope i will get that job	thank you. I had an interview today so i hope i will get that job	I hope you do too. It will work out in the end.
8	I took my little boy to the zoo last month. It was fun, but he soaked his diaper three times! [SEP] Wow the zoo sounds like an amazing time. Lol the diaper thing happens. [SEP] Luckily, I brought a full package of diapers with me. So we both got to have fun!	Luckily, I brought a full package of diapers with me. So we both got to have fun!	Whew good thing for those back up diapers. Glad you guys had fun.
2	I remember the particular time when I was a madly raging, that I smashed a 40oz beer on the street floor scattering all glass pieces over. 	I remember the particular time when I was a madly raging, that I smashed a 40oz beer on the street floor scattering all glass pieces over. 	I bet you wore shoes on the street for a while.
1	I found my old yearbook in a closet yesterday	I found my old yearbook in a closet yesterday	oh man mustve brought back memories
7	Last week I put in a bid to purchase my first home! [SEP] That's amazing!  Did you get i? [SEP] I haven't heard yet. I would really like to get it, but I have to wait to see.	I haven't heard yet. I would really like to get it, but I have to wait to see.	Waiting is the worst!  Well, whatever happens is meant to be.  I wish you luck and success with your house!
8	My uncle tragically passed away in a car accident, leaving behind his wife and son. I desperately wanted to help them in their time of need, even if it was simply cleaning the house. They are the sweetest family.	My uncle tragically passed away in a car accident, leaving behind his wife and son. I desperately wanted to help them in their time of need, even if it was simply cleaning the house. They are the sweetest family.	That is really good and will be helpful.  I lost my wife to cancer years ago and people helping was great.
7	I'm really anxious for my upcoming job interview. [SEP] Thats understandable! Just be yourself and Im sure you will do great! [SEP] Thanks, I'm going to try to do my best. I really want this job!	Thanks, I'm going to try to do my best. I really want this job!	A tip someone gave me once is to make sure to have really good posture as it makes you appear less nervous! Fake it till you make it! Good luck!
3	Once I fell asleep and peed my pants in class [SEP] wow thats hilarious and embarassing.  I feel bad for you. [SEP] I woke up with the whole class laughing and pointing	I woke up with the whole class laughing and pointing	Thats mean of them.  I hope you weren't traumatized.
8	I can't wait for this new video game to come out in November. It will be great to play it but it so far away! [SEP] What game are you waiting for? [SEP] The newest pokemon game "Let's Go Pickachu" A bit nerdy I know but I love the series. 	The newest pokemon game "Let's Go Pickachu" A bit nerdy I know but I love the series. 	I used to love those games growing up so I can't judge you for it!
0	I ran a mile in under 6 minutes today. [SEP] wow. thats amazing [SEP] I'm not that athletic, I was so shocked!	I'm not that athletic, I was so shocked!	I am shocked either way.
4	I had an interview last week that I thought I did really good on [SEP] Nice! Did you get the job? [SEP] I didnt and I cant believe it	I didnt and I cant believe it	Wow...I am really sorry, friend. Any other interviews lined up?
8	I was on my way to an interview the other day and was overly anxious.	I was on my way to an interview the other day and was overly anxious.	Oh, those are never fun. But they usually end up being better than you expect. 
7	I took my daughter roller skating for the first time recently and I was taken right back to my childhood. All I could think about was spending my Friday nights as a kid at the roller rink! [SEP] wow nostalgic. Wish you had time machine.. [SEP] I did, I'd love to be a kid again, feeling carefree.	I did, I'd love to be a kid again, feeling carefree.	best phase of our life.
1	When the girl leaned in for a kiss all I could see was my beautiful wife whom I love. [SEP] The girl is your wife, correct? [SEP] No she wasnt,  But I knew I could never kiss her.	No she wasnt,  But I knew I could never kiss her.	That's a relief! Your wife is a lucky lady.
1	I had an interview yesterday, I'm confident I got the job.	I had an interview yesterday, I'm confident I got the job.	Good for you, I would wait until I heard back before I would celebrate getting the job. 
1	I am so happy about my next vacation.	I am so happy about my next vacation.	Awesome!  Where are you going!  I am jealous!
2	My daughter got a birthday card full of money this week and I took the cash before she could see it. [SEP] Well, that was terrible of you. Why would you do that? [SEP] I'm desperate for cash.  I feel really bad about it, but I like having my knee caps intact.  I guess she'll find another way to pay for college anyway.	I'm desperate for cash.  I feel really bad about it, but I like having my knee caps intact.  I guess she'll find another way to pay for college anyway.	Wow.... I certainly hope so.
3	My daughter told me I should be expecting a shipment soon. I don't know what it could be! [SEP] Oh, I love surprises like that! How exciting! [SEP] Yea. She won't tell me what it is. I hope she didn't spend too much money though.	Yea. She won't tell me what it is. I hope she didn't spend too much money though.	I hope not either but it's sweet!
2	I got an extra 2 days paid time off from work. [SEP] Oh I bet you enjoyed that [SEP] Yep. I'll enjoy it greatly!	Yep. I'll enjoy it greatly!	I bet you will
6	Those dang neighborhood kids keep egging my car!	Those dang neighborhood kids keep egging my car!	Do you have cameras?
4	A blossom friend we lost contact for 10years now [SEP] Why did you lose contact? What happened? [SEP] 10 friends cannot be together in 10 years ,like they say	10 friends cannot be together in 10 years ,like they say	That's very sad, I'm sorry to hear that
4	I had a taste for some pizza today so I asked my daughter to put one in the oven [SEP] I love pizza [SEP] Well you wouldn't like this pizza. She burned it terribly. I was so upset	Well you wouldn't like this pizza. She burned it terribly. I was so upset	I am sorry
8	I am shocked that my dog bite the neighbor. [SEP] Why did your dog do it. [SEP] The neighbor was teasing him.	The neighbor was teasing him.	My Japanese spitz did that once...lady was waving a bone around and pulling back...til he caught her with one snap and almost bit her finger clean off
8	Wow haunted houses are spooky. [SEP] Yeah, and it's not too far away from halloween now [SEP] I went to one and got chased by a ghost.	I went to one and got chased by a ghost.	I went to one and I kicked a ghost because it tried to grab me haha
4	I recently went to the doctor to run some tests. [SEP] I hope you didnt get any bad news from the doctor. [SEP] I don't know yet but I'm nervous I might have a disease.	I don't know yet but I'm nervous I might have a disease.	I am sorry to hear that. Hopefully its a treatable disease! 
2	I can't wait for my birthday	I can't wait for my birthday	Hopefully a happy birthday is going to be in order soon!
0	When I came out of the store I saw that someone had hit my car. [SEP] That is terrible. Did you call the police? [SEP] I did. But no one saw who did it.	I did. But no one saw who did it.	I understand. I hate when that happened.
7	I am worried about starting my new job tomorrow. I am nervous I won't make good first impressions. [SEP] thats fair tho i wouldnt worry about it [SEP] Thanks I hope it goes well. I want to fit in if I can.	Thanks I hope it goes well. I want to fit in if I can.	good luck with that
7	im hoping to win the lottery tonight [SEP] Nice. How many tickets did ya get? [SEP] all i need is ONE!	all i need is ONE!	Good luck! How'd you choose the numbers?
0	I am not so sure how I feel about buying a used car.	I am not so sure how I feel about buying a used car.	Well, if the milleage is not too much and the car is clean go for it
6	Paid off all my debt. Took 10 years. [SEP] That is quite an achievement! How did you do it? [SEP] Worked whatever I could and saved a lot.	Worked whatever I could and saved a lot.	I bet their were struggles and you learned a lot. Do you have any tips for me?
0	I am going on a cruise next month with some friends. [SEP] That should be fun. Where does the cruise go to? [SEP] We are going to the Bahamas. I cannot wait! It is going to be so fun!	We are going to the Bahamas. I cannot wait! It is going to be so fun!	The Bahamas is beautiful. I am sure you will love it.
0	My boyfriend is always talking on the phone when we are hanging out. [SEP] Maybe tell him how you feel about that. [SEP] I have tried. He thinks I'm being ridiculous. I feel like he pays more attention to everyone else.	I have tried. He thinks I'm being ridiculous. I feel like he pays more attention to everyone else.	Punch him right in the nose, that will fix things i'm sure!
4	I trust my wife deeply [SEP] Do you? You should trust her, that's what marriage is about! [SEP] I was engaged to a woman who cheated on me.	I was engaged to a woman who cheated on me.	That's awful, I'm sorry.
4	I dropped my allstart team trophy and it shattered everywhere [SEP] Dang, that really blows. What was it made of, glass? [SEP] some sort of ceramic material.	some sort of ceramic material.	They should use metal. That never breaks. Sorry that happened to you.
4	I had to drive 5 hours the other day to attend a funeral of a cousin of mine.  It was a sad day.  Got to see family though.	I had to drive 5 hours the other day to attend a funeral of a cousin of mine.  It was a sad day.  Got to see family though.	oh im sorry to here that. always good to see family
1	I had to get my foot checked out at the doctor, always makes me scared going there. [SEP] Were you worried it could be something very serious? [SEP] Yes, turns out it wasn't anything major though.	Yes, turns out it wasn't anything major though.	That's good to hear. I'm sure you feel very relieved now.
1	My neighbor works at mcdonalds but just bought a Ford Raptor, how can he afford that is what i'm thinking	My neighbor works at mcdonalds but just bought a Ford Raptor, how can he afford that is what i'm thinking	That is crazy! He must have got a loan.
8	For my 16th birthday I received a brand new car! It was a red convertible. [SEP] Oh wow! I never got a car for mine! Did you take good care of it? [SEP] I crashed it but it was a good little car.	I crashed it but it was a good little car.	Oh no! A lot of kids that age seem to do that with cars they get, yet parents keep buying them new.
6	i was impressed when i saw this guy eat a 3 lbs burger and 1 lbs fries for a free t-shirt [SEP] That's a lot of food lol i bet he felt sick afterwards. I think i would try to do the same, just curious if i could eat that much [SEP] yea i think he threw it up after the 15 time limit was up	yea i think he threw it up after the 15 time limit was up	ewww. well, at least he got a shirt. right? lol
0	It's finally the weekend, woohooo!	It's finally the weekend, woohooo!	That is definitely something to celebrate!
6	I got lucky and passed my course this semester	I got lucky and passed my course this semester	Awesome! What are you studying?
0	I made some cookies from scratch and left to run an errand. When I came back my family had eaten most of them without asking. [SEP] Oh my god, fresh cookies that you hand baked?? What did you do? [SEP] I hid the rest of them away so only I get to eat the rest.	I hid the rest of them away so only I get to eat the rest.	HAHAHAHAHA  that what my niece does, I bring home two candies and she talks me into giving her one then she hides the other when i'm not looking
1	I went to Jack N The Box the other day, and there was a long gray hair in my burger! [SEP] I have never had that. We don't have them here. Good thing though lol [SEP] Yeah, last time I'll be back there, I was so turned off I skipped dinner completely.	Yeah, last time I'll be back there, I was so turned off I skipped dinner completely.	I would have done the same.
7	At work, my coworker are suprised how confident I am in being able to achieve difficult taks. [SEP] That's great! It's important to have confidence in yourself and your abilities at work to be successful. It's a good example to set for your coworkers too! [SEP] Thanks I appreciate. It is my manager that is happy	Thanks I appreciate. It is my manager that is happy	Well, that's the most important one to make sure is happy! Good for you!
0	I exercise often but as a powerlifter I do very little cardio and never really had much interest in it. A friend of mine introduced me to marathon running and wow, I like it much more than I anticipated!	I exercise often but as a powerlifter I do very little cardio and never really had much interest in it. A friend of mine introduced me to marathon running and wow, I like it much more than I anticipated!	I'm glad you've found a change of pace.
5	My sister just put on a halloween mask and jumped in the window! I jumped out of my seat. [SEP] That must've been scary, what kind of mask! [SEP] It was the most realistic werewolf mask I've ever seen! [SEP] Do you plan on getting her back later? [SEP] I think I'm going to have to!	I think I'm going to have to!	Maybe try a freddy mask this time.
6	A pit bull was chasing me as I was walking home.	A pit bull was chasing me as I was walking home.	Oh my lord, I would have been terrified. Are you okay?
2	My son just finished third in a jiu-jitsu competition he was in. [SEP] No way! Thats awesome!! How old is your son? [SEP] He's ten.  He really impressed us with how well he did.	He's ten.  He really impressed us with how well he did.	I bet! Thats great news though, congrats to him!
6	I just took the bar exam this week.	I just took the bar exam this week.	That is great how do you think you did?
2	i have lot of hope on my parents i just left my boy friend because of my mother [SEP] It must have been a very hard decision for you. [SEP] yes but that is not a problem i sacrificed for my mother she is everything , i hope she will give a best life to me	yes but that is not a problem i sacrificed for my mother she is everything , i hope she will give a best life to me	I hope so too, it will take hard work but its possible.
1	I knew my brother would me this week. He gave me his word [SEP] What did your brother do? [SEP] He helped me on my car	He helped me on my car	That's really nice of him. Sounds like you won the sibling lottery.
1	Checked out my old yearbook. It was so much easier making friends back then.	Checked out my old yearbook. It was so much easier making friends back then.	Yes typically kids are nicer and more open. Adults have so many secrets and issues :)
1	One of my co-workers got to be a close friend of mine. Then she decided that I was advancing faster than her and sabotaged my job. [SEP] Oh that is so selfish. Did you try and get back at her? [SEP] No, I cut ties because it wasn't worth it to give her the satisfaction of a fight.	No, I cut ties because it wasn't worth it to give her the satisfaction of a fight.	Thats great, says a lot about the type of person you are, in a good way! I probably would've gone for revenge knowing myself.
3	my wife and my baby are going overseas for a month and i will be so lonely without them. i couldn;t go with them [SEP] That could be so hard on you [SEP] yes, i just need to find something that will keep my mind off of it	yes, i just need to find something that will keep my mind off of it	Just keep your mind occupied with other important stuff
2	I was supposed to be responsible for the powerpoint slides for our presentation, but I accidentally deleted it. [SEP] Oh no! So what happened? [SEP] I explained it to the professor, but she said we'd get a letter grade deducted from whatever we earn.	I explained it to the professor, but she said we'd get a letter grade deducted from whatever we earn.	I hope you get an A at least then
2	I'm in high spirits with my new job, I have a feeling I'm going to love working there.  [SEP] What new job did you get? [SEP] It's a graphic design job, something I've been doing a while but I really like the vibe at my new company!	It's a graphic design job, something I've been doing a while but I really like the vibe at my new company!	That is great news, hopefully it goes well.
3	Wow, I just found out the craziest thing [SEP] What did you find out?? [SEP] My old babysitter when I was younger was only 3 years older than me.  She messaged me on Facebook and were going on a date this weekend	My old babysitter when I was younger was only 3 years older than me.  She messaged me on Facebook and were going on a date this weekend	Oh wow, are you excited?? I would assume so if you agreed to go on a date.  I hope you guys have a great time!
5	I at 20 footlongs from Subway the other day. [SEP] Oh my gosh! Are you ok? I would be sick. [SEP] I don't think I am. I feel just as disgusting as pre-commercial Jerry did.	I don't think I am. I feel just as disgusting as pre-commercial Jerry did.	Yikes! Maybe you shouldn't do that again.
8	We had a house fire last year that destroyed everything , it was very tough on my family [SEP] I am so sorry to hear that, it must have been heartbreaking. How did your family cope? [SEP] My family was strong through it all but my kids lost all their favorite possessions, but no one was hurt and thats all that really matters	My family was strong through it all but my kids lost all their favorite possessions, but no one was hurt and thats all that really matters	Well that's good to hear. Possessions can be replaced but your family is all that really matters in the end!
4	My nextdoor neighbor is getting dementia.	My nextdoor neighbor is getting dementia.	I am so sorry to hear that. Who is taking care of your neighbor?
0	how come?  [SEP] How come what do you mean? [SEP] why do you feel that way	why do you feel that way	Confusion runs deep in me.
0	Do you ever think you know someone and then you go to their house and find out their a HOARDER@	Do you ever think you know someone and then you go to their house and find out their a HOARDER@	Woah, I never had that happen to me.
7	My friend really is stronger than he looks. I thought he would have issues curling 35 lbs but he did it pretty easily. 	My friend really is stronger than he looks. I thought he would have issues curling 35 lbs but he did it pretty easily. 	That's amazing! I wish I could lift that much.
5	My wife's grandmother just moved in with us. [SEP] Oh really? Actually I think that is a good thing. How's is going? [SEP] It is going great.  Her health has been really bad recently, so we brought her home to see if we can't bring her back to health.	It is going great.  Her health has been really bad recently, so we brought her home to see if we can't bring her back to health.	I think that's a good decision by your and your wife. And I think your wife's grandmother is going to recover well.
6	I know I will win Gold in the Olympics.	I know I will win Gold in the Olympics.	You sound very confident! What sport do you play?
0	My best friend's grandmother passed away.  [SEP] Oh my, sorry to hear that. How is he holding up? [SEP] Doing okay, just a lot to process.	Doing okay, just a lot to process.	I am sure it is. Just need to give him time and support right now. 
4	Buddy of mine and I had both paid for front row tickets to a concert...I was so mad at myself when we got there and I forgot it back home [SEP] Oh that sucks! How far do you live from the venue? [SEP] At the time I lived almost an hour away and parking was packed so I knew it was a lost cause...ended up getting some chick's number at the bar later though lol	At the time I lived almost an hour away and parking was packed so I knew it was a lost cause...ended up getting some chick's number at the bar later though lol	Sorry you missed the concert. That is a bummer! But it came with some perks I guess. You met a girl!
8	I am ready to visit Fenway Park. [SEP] That's cool.  I'm still a Boston boy...lived in Lowell, MA in 4-5th grade [SEP] That is cool. Have you been to Fenway Park?	That is cool. Have you been to Fenway Park?	No I want to though.  Did you score tickets or something
2	Why? What's going on on Friday? [SEP] Any plans for Friday? [SEP] I am leaving for vacation! I can't wait!	I am leaving for vacation! I can't wait!	That's awesome! I bet these next few days will fly by
4	My friend who I grew up with recently passed away.	My friend who I grew up with recently passed away.	Sorry to hear that, what happened? 
1	I was grateful I was live after a car wreck.	I was grateful I was live after a car wreck.	I am glad your ok.
6	I can't wait for the new Super Smash Brothers game to be released.	I can't wait for the new Super Smash Brothers game to be released.	Oh wow. How many have they had now? lol
2	I got everything I need for a quality work session this morning. My coffee, a hot shower, and some food/water. Should be an efficient day!	I got everything I need for a quality work session this morning. My coffee, a hot shower, and some food/water. Should be an efficient day!	Sounds like an amazing day honestly... i hope tomorrow goes the same for you. 
1	My son got 2nd place in his second grade spelling bee the other day.	My son got 2nd place in his second grade spelling bee the other day.	That's nice. I was never too good at spelling
7	I recently had a test that I spent a lot of time studying for.  [SEP] Good job studying. how did you do? [SEP] Since I was really prepared and understood all of the material, I did really well.	Since I was really prepared and understood all of the material, I did really well.	Congratulations! Tests are always hard, it feels great when you do well.
7	I just had my first baby last week. [SEP] congrats... how has the first week been? [SEP] It has been great! Motherhood is such a wonderful experience.	It has been great! Motherhood is such a wonderful experience.	thats good! keep it up.
7	I was chilling outside all day in the sun reading. I feel great. [SEP] sounds like a good day [SEP] For sure. I've never been better relaxing with a glass of iced tea.	For sure. I've never been better relaxing with a glass of iced tea.	good for you.. we all need that every once in a while
1	My two daughters keep me happy.	My two daughters keep me happy.	That's so nice!
0	So, I have a dark confession to make. I ate 24 burritos from Chipotle the other day. Felt so bad about myself.	So, I have a dark confession to make. I ate 24 burritos from Chipotle the other day. Felt so bad about myself.	I hate overeating especially when I'm on a diet. I feel so guilty about it all the time.
0	I don't want to go on this Tinder date. Nothing good will come of it. [SEP] Don't be so negative about it. Maybe you'll really like the person. [SEP] I doubt it, I'd rather not waste my time.	I doubt it, I'd rather not waste my time.	So then just let the person know you can't make it. There's no reason to waste that person's time.
7	I am so happy with my life right now. [SEP] That's wonderful! What's been going on? [SEP] I recently had my first child, and my marriage is going great.	I recently had my first child, and my marriage is going great.	Oh my gosh. Congratulations on the kiddo!
7	I have been preparing for grad school and it is making me a little anxious.	I have been preparing for grad school and it is making me a little anxious.	I just got in a few months ago, best of luck my friend!
3	does it bother you , when you are single and all your friends are in relationships and happy , its kind of annoying lol [SEP] YEs because they never want to hang out unless they bring their partner lol [SEP] exactly , you get me its annoying lol	exactly , you get me its annoying lol	I've been in that situation many times lol
5	everytime i go to mcdonalds they always get my orders wrong , leaving me angry its my fault for always going there 	everytime i go to mcdonalds they always get my orders wrong , leaving me angry its my fault for always going there 	Maybe you should go somewhere else
8	Feeling a bit scared about the weekend. [SEP] Feeling a bit scared about the weekend. [SEP] Why? [SEP] I have a hard time with my anxiety sometimes and I will be alone a lot this weekend. I don't like free time, I like to stay busy so I don't think much. [SEP] I understand. Did you try getting out with friends?	I understand. Did you try getting out with friends?	I don't trust a lot of people. I do like being alone sometimes but if not then I just want to be with someone I trust- They are not always available.
5	My cubicle neighbor at work really bothers me. He eats all day long and is always chewing loud foods with his mouth open! I can barely think with him chomping like a cow! [SEP] I hate that. That's one of my biggest pet peeves. That's such an awkward situation, because you don't want to come off as high maintenance and ask them to stop, but it'd be so easy for them to have better manners, too. I wish I had better advice. Maybe go to HR? [SEP] I could go to HR, but I don't want to be "that guy" if you know what I mean.	I could go to HR, but I don't want to be "that guy" if you know what I mean.	Yeah, absolutely. That's what I meant earlier, too, about being high maintenance. I don't know, maybe earbuds? But I'm sure you've tried that. Who knows how they would respond if you asked them personally, and if they actually did improve, they'd probably just forget and revert back in a few days anyway.
1	He was sitting on a perch looking hungry. He asked for money but I didnt have any so I gave his a slice of pizza and he cursed me out.	He was sitting on a perch looking hungry. He asked for money but I didnt have any so I gave his a slice of pizza and he cursed me out.	That is terrible. Probably, he wanted money to buy drugs.
4	I dropped a bowl of mashed potatoes and it smashed all over the floor	I dropped a bowl of mashed potatoes and it smashed all over the floor	oh no! i'm sorry to hear that. I wish i could come over and help you clean up
1	I just can't understand how some people can be so nasty. I go a little overboard washing my hands, but I know some people who don't wash theirs at all!	I just can't understand how some people can be so nasty. I go a little overboard washing my hands, but I know some people who don't wash theirs at all!	I see people walk out of the bathroom all the time without washing their hands. So gross.
2	I went to visit my sister who goes to college, and we ate at a soul food/southern style place. It was so crowded and loud, but when we sat down to order I was really surprised.  The food was really good, and super cheap for the portions we got.	I went to visit my sister who goes to college, and we ate at a soul food/southern style place. It was so crowded and loud, but when we sat down to order I was really surprised.  The food was really good, and super cheap for the portions we got.	It's pretty good! Hope you had a good time!
5	Another one of my friends is getting married. [SEP] That is terrible, have you told him how bad that will be? [SEP] I should. Im always a bridesmaid and I'm sick of it.	I should. Im always a bridesmaid and I'm sick of it.	Maybe you should get married!
7	I have finished my college education!	I have finished my college education!	Congratulations!  What degree did you get?
0	I get sad when I think about my parents. They have been gone for a few years now [SEP] Sorry to hear that what do you do to try and stay enlighten and happy when thinking of them? [SEP] I just have memories I guess	I just have memories I guess	I know it may be hard but they are always close to you when thinking of them through your memories and the good times.
5	I am confident in how I perform at work, I wish I was rewarded for it accordingly [SEP] Everyone has bad bosses. Just keep working hard and they will have to recognize your greatness. [SEP] I sure hope so, I have been here for a few years though, and no promotion	I sure hope so, I have been here for a few years though, and no promotion	Then maybe you should think about trying to find a job somewhere else?
6	I really do not like pigs, they scare me.	I really do not like pigs, they scare me.	I can understand that. Have you ever been up close to one?
2	Last time I was in my hometown I drove in front the grocery store I used to work at. It was so cool to see it was still up and running. [SEP] Awesome! Have they upgraded it any or does it look the same? [SEP] It looks exactly the same. It really brought me back thinking about those days.	It looks exactly the same. It really brought me back thinking about those days.	Oh wow, I bet it felt very nostalgic. Almost like being in a time machine.
5	I've been unhappy with my work today. [SEP] Why is that? [SEP] My tasks have been frustrating and tedious.	My tasks have been frustrating and tedious.	That happens sometimes. Maybe you should take a break
2	My mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up at work! I told her I was proud of her.	My mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up at work! I told her I was proud of her.	That's awesome. I bet she is so excited.
6	I drank yesterday on my lunch break and was nervous to come back into the office afterwards.	I drank yesterday on my lunch break and was nervous to come back into the office afterwards.	Why were you nervous
5	I swear as I get older I need to take my time in getting dress. I'm afraid I'm going to be on one of those Walmart meme.  I've left home and before you know it I realize I have something on wrong.	I swear as I get older I need to take my time in getting dress. I'm afraid I'm going to be on one of those Walmart meme.  I've left home and before you know it I realize I have something on wrong.	Oh no! I always like to pick out what I'm wearing the night before. Maybe that would help?
2	i have lot of hope on my parents i just left my boy friend because of my mother [SEP] It must have been a very hard decision for you. [SEP] yes but that is not a problem i sacrificed for my mother she is everything , i hope she will give a best life to me	yes but that is not a problem i sacrificed for my mother she is everything , i hope she will give a best life to me	I hope so too, it will take hard work but its possible.
6	I lost my favorite shirt and I wanted to wear it for a concert.	I lost my favorite shirt and I wanted to wear it for a concert.	That's too bad! Do you know if you can buy a new one before the show?
5	Another one of my friends is getting married. [SEP] That is terrible, have you told him how bad that will be? [SEP] I should. Im always a bridesmaid and I'm sick of it.	I should. Im always a bridesmaid and I'm sick of it.	Maybe you should get married!
8	My son is getting ready to go off to college and I find myself so happy and sad at the same time. I'm just remembering all the wonderful times we had with him growing up. It went so quickly! [SEP] Well you knew that you would have to let go one day, didn't you? [SEP] Yes, I have always known that, and I know it's a great thing. But it's hard not to feel emotional about it. Life is about to really change.	Yes, I have always known that, and I know it's a great thing. But it's hard not to feel emotional about it. Life is about to really change.	We have only one option when it comes to change, embrace it!
4	My food order today did not turn out as well as I had hoped. [SEP] Sorry to hear!  What all did you order?  And what was wrong with it? [SEP] Everything was cold. We had burgers and fries. You can't eat cold fries. [SEP] Cold fries are the *worst* b/c the potatoes are just gross at that point.  Did you get your money back, at least? [SEP] Nope. I was starving so I ate it lol	Nope. I was starving so I ate it lol	Oh bless your heart!  I'm sorry to hear!  I'd have returned it and gotten the whole meal free for the cold messed up fries!
1	I got a scary call from my nieces earlier this week. Apparently no matter what they did, they could not awaken her from her sleep. [SEP] Wow, that must've been awful! How did it all turn out? [SEP] I apologize, they couldn't wake my sister up.  Thank God she ended up being okay, the EMT's checked her out...we have no idea what happened.	I apologize, they couldn't wake my sister up.  Thank God she ended up being okay, the EMT's checked her out...we have no idea what happened.	That sounds really scary, I'm so glad it all turned out fine.
0	I sometimes look back at my old, deadbeat childish self...and am so glad that I decided to man up and start making something of myself sooner than later [SEP] i am so proud of you, keep it up  [SEP] lol thanks.  I couldn't go back to the way I was...I'd probably beat the crap out of that guy	lol thanks.  I couldn't go back to the way I was...I'd probably beat the crap out of that guy	you are probably older now as well
0	Someone cut me off in traffic the other day. [SEP] I hate when that happens [SEP] I know, it's like people think 5 seconds is worth risking lives over.	I know, it's like people think 5 seconds is worth risking lives over.	I know. You don't get that much further ahead of someone doing that
8	I woke up too early. Everyone else is sleeping	I woke up too early. Everyone else is sleeping	Go back to sleep!
2	I went shopping yesterday and bought a $2000 bag. My husband is going to kill me..	I went shopping yesterday and bought a $2000 bag. My husband is going to kill me..	Haha my girlfriend does the same thing.  Check comes in and she is so happy to have money for the next two weeks, then goes and spends it all on clothing and accessories.  
3	I bought a jacket the other day which I wanted for ages only to get it and not like it in person [SEP] OH no! Can you return it? [SEP] Luckily I can but it's just a bit dissapointing	Luckily I can but it's just a bit dissapointing	Yeah , sometimes stuff looks way better on the model.
6	I've worn a necklace that my dad got me every day since. [SEP] Since when? [SEP] It's been so many years now.	It's been so many years now.	Is it your favorite necklace?
4	I am so angry I didn't win my school election. [SEP] Oh that sucks. What role were you applying for? [SEP] I was going for president.	I was going for president.	Cool, sorry to hear that you didn't get it.
0	Last month, I was very upset. [SEP] Sorry to hear that. What were you upset about? [SEP] I got C in one of the important exams	I got C in one of the important exams	A C is not too bad. I know how you feel, I hold myself to a very high standard as well. It could have been much worse though!
5	I don't want to go on this Tinder date. Nothing good will come of it.	I don't want to go on this Tinder date. Nothing good will come of it.	Don't be so negative about it. Maybe you'll really like the person.
7	The day finally came for me to move and to my surprise my family came over to help. [SEP] Wow, that's really great that they pitched in to help. You must be happy about that! [SEP] Oh yes I was, I had so many furniture.	Oh yes I was, I had so many furniture.	The more hands, the quicker the work!
1	I am ok with the job I currently have. [SEP] I am also looking for a better job. [SEP] What do you do currently?	What do you do currently?	I mow lawns for a living, and it is so hot.
2	My grandmother is moving into a retirement community in town after 30 years of living in another state.  I can't wait to be able to visit her all the time! [SEP] That's awesome. [SEP] Yeah, her health hasn't been great the last couple of years, unfortunately, so I can't wait to do everything I can to bring her up to par. [SEP] Is the place nice? Have you seen it yet? [SEP] It is very nice and half the price of the place she has been living, so she is in a good position.	It is very nice and half the price of the place she has been living, so she is in a good position.	Well that's good. You guys will enjoy each other.
5	these people at work are so disrespectful and racist!! I can't wait till i quit! I'm an armed guard and they want me to help customers to find products and i'm not there for that!!	these people at work are so disrespectful and racist!! I can't wait till i quit! I'm an armed guard and they want me to help customers to find products and i'm not there for that!!	Hmmm sounds like an unpleasant job. Maybe they ask you for help because you're the only one around? It doesn't hurt to help those in need.
6	I wish I could sit around and eat and sleep all day like my cat.	I wish I could sit around and eat and sleep all day like my cat.	That would be great wouldn't it? They have it made!
5	My friends all went back to college and now I have no one to hang out with. [SEP] Oh that's a bummer! Do you go to college locally? [SEP] I don't, I'm working right now because I'm not sure what I want to major in.	I don't, I'm working right now because I'm not sure what I want to major in.	Oh great! I am not a big fan of college anyway. Maybe you will find a new love while they are away :)
1	Great day at the pool yesterday up until the point my shorts came off. [SEP] I found a bunch of dead mice few days ago [SEP] Getting out of the pool, my shorts slipped off.	Getting out of the pool, my shorts slipped off.	Haha.. thats a really funny story!
5	I was really looking forward to going away this weekend with my boyfriend, but we had to cancel the trip. [SEP] Oh no, why'd you have to cancel? [SEP] Work stuff. It's just so disappointing. I was really looking forward to it. 	Work stuff. It's just so disappointing. I was really looking forward to it. 	Maybe you can plan for another time?
3	All of my friends moved out of state after college, so I'm really the only one left [SEP] That can be sad, but luckily you can plan to visit them in the future. [SEP] I do! But, for now, I do miss them and it makes me feel sad that they aren't around in person. Social media does help, though	I do! But, for now, I do miss them and it makes me feel sad that they aren't around in person. Social media does help, though	Yes, using social media really helps us connect with friends and family so much better.
0	My son is dyslexic and has ADD, with a little work he ended up winning his spelling bee! I'm proud of him! [SEP] That is amazing! I'm happy to hear that. I can relate, I feel like I have undiagnosed ADD. [SEP] Do you struggle with learning as well?	Do you struggle with learning as well?	I have a very hard time focusing on what I'm reading, so it can definitely slow down the learning process.
8	I recently was in a situation at work where I had a colleague take credit for months of my work, and go out of their way to tell my boss and others in a committee that I actually held the team back. [SEP] Ugh I hate crap like that.  Why can't credit be shared?  Does it always have to be so cutthroat? [SEP] Honestly, I'm indifferent as to how it's shared. Later, my boss actually sat me down and told me they knew my colleague was out of line. Ironically, their contract with our company was up two weeks later and they weren't renewed. 	Honestly, I'm indifferent as to how it's shared. Later, my boss actually sat me down and told me they knew my colleague was out of line. Ironically, their contract with our company was up two weeks later and they weren't renewed. 	Well All's well that ends well.  I'm sure glad they were able to see through such a cheap ploy.
2	I like to do all of my shopping for Thanksgiving dinner early so I will be ready and I don't have to fight the crowds. [SEP] That's a good idea, what do you need to buy? [SEP] I scour the sales ads for the early specials and then make my list accordingly. 	I scour the sales ads for the early specials and then make my list accordingly. 	That's smart, I love a big turkey dinner the family will be pleased I bet.
5	I woke up to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night and saw a scorpion. I covered it with a bowl but when I woke up it was gone from the bowl. [SEP] Omg, you should have killed it [SEP] I was too afraid of the poison haha.	I was too afraid of the poison haha.	I think you should fumigate your home
0	I know I can power through work today!  [SEP] Why do you say that? [SEP] I am exhausted and feel mentally worn out too but I love making money for my future!	I am exhausted and feel mentally worn out too but I love making money for my future!	That is so true. I feel the same way. It's just nice to know that you work hard for your money.
2	Im feeling a little bad about what I did maybe I shouldnt maybe I should idk. 	Im feeling a little bad about what I did maybe I shouldnt maybe I should idk. 	I'll be the judge of that
7	I took a weekend trip last week but I forgot to pack any underwear! It was so awkward going around not wearing underwear! [SEP] haha that's funny!  [SEP] lol not at the time for me!	lol not at the time for me!	I'm glad you survived lol
6	Did you go outside and see if anyone was hurt?	Did you go outside and see if anyone was hurt?	What do you mean? I don't know what you are talking about.
2	I ate the last piece of cake... it was supposed to be my husband's	I ate the last piece of cake... it was supposed to be my husband's	Uh oh, well with all of the things you do for him, I think he will survive.
6	I always feel like my life is harder than most.	I always feel like my life is harder than most.	Why do you feel that way?
3	I recently saw a baby vomit on his mother. [SEP] That is pretty gross but it happens often. [SEP] I was so grossed out by the sight of it.	I was so grossed out by the sight of it.	If you plan on having a kid it will happen.
7	My husband is so amazing, I could never imagine going astray and cheating on him. [SEP] That sounds like a great relationship! How long have you been together? [SEP] 8 and a half years but it still feels like we just met yesterday.	8 and a half years but it still feels like we just met yesterday.	Beautiful! Wish you many many more
5	I thought a free trial date was Aug 10th, not the 8th so I was charged last night! [SEP] Oh, that sucks. It has happened to me before too. [SEP] It was the first day at MIDNIGHT for a month of software though and I hadn't even touched it most of the free trial and I deleted my acct so I can't use it anyway. They don't have a PHONE number and the CS rep was SO nasty and said I couldn't be refunded on a software I am not even USING and I was JUSt charged! I couldn't believe how nasty the rep was! I wanted to smack her!	It was the first day at MIDNIGHT for a month of software though and I hadn't even touched it most of the free trial and I deleted my acct so I can't use it anyway. They don't have a PHONE number and the CS rep was SO nasty and said I couldn't be refunded on a software I am not even USING and I was JUSt charged! I couldn't believe how nasty the rep was! I wanted to smack her!	I'm sorry for how she treated you. Even if she couldn't refund the money, she could have been more polite. Maybe you could talk to someone else and try to download it again so that you at least have the software.
4	i feel stressed out because of work	i feel stressed out because of work	Oh I'm sorry. Try to relax if you can. 
3	I am going to have back surgery next month. [SEP] Oh no! I hope it goes well as I've heard those can be tricky procedures [SEP] Thanks! I have faith that it be successful.	Thanks! I have faith that it be successful.	You'll be fine! Having hope is the best you can do
8	I am super sad that people I've known and cared for do not want to change their destructive behaviors. I [SEP] that sucks [SEP] Yes... It's very sad especially when you know someone was abused for so long and they just keep ruining their lives. Almost like they are continuing the abuse on themselves.	Yes... It's very sad especially when you know someone was abused for so long and they just keep ruining their lives. Almost like they are continuing the abuse on themselves.	you have to let those people go
2	I was so shocked when I saw my dog walk by wearing my underwear! Turns out he was playing in the laundry basket and got tangled in my drawers. [SEP] I would laugh so hard if that was me seeing my dog do that [SEP] It was great. I took a picture and showed my friend. He laughed so hard.	It was great. I took a picture and showed my friend. He laughed so hard.	I hope you can share it on social media so that the whole world can share in the fun :)
8	Found a baby bird out of his nest in my front yard, even though I was afraid that the mother wouldn't take him back I helped him back in the nest	Found a baby bird out of his nest in my front yard, even though I was afraid that the mother wouldn't take him back I helped him back in the nest	Awwww.. what a heart warming moment. That was so sweet of you to do! 
4	I ran out of my favorite lotion and i can't buy it in store. so i ordered one online and i got an expired one!! so annoying	I ran out of my favorite lotion and i can't buy it in store. so i ordered one online and i got an expired one!! so annoying	Oh god. That's so inconvenient.
6	i used to collect spawn comics , one time i got home and saw all my comics torn up , it was so mad 	i used to collect spawn comics , one time i got home and saw all my comics torn up , it was so mad 	That is horrible. Did you find out who did it?
0	I don't work or really go anywhere. I feel like I'm always waiting. [SEP] What are you waiting for? [SEP] Usually it's for my boyfriend to get home so he can spend time with me. poor guy. lol	Usually it's for my boyfriend to get home so he can spend time with me. poor guy. lol	Oh I totally know how that goes. I moved to small town and didn't have many friends at first. Once I had my son and made more friends it got way better lol!
0	I bought lots of snacks for the kids lunches this month [SEP] oh that was good of you. [SEP] Well not really. Ive eaten about half of them. I feel terribel	Well not really. Ive eaten about half of them. I feel terribel	oh haha i know that feeling.
8	I have an interview coming up and want to be extra prepared [SEP] Make sure you dress nicely and bring a positive attitude.   [SEP] Thats good advice - thanks!	Thats good advice - thanks!	Yeah no problem.  Make sure to do a mock interview with a friend or family member to practice what you will say.
5	I'm a little uneasy about making it through the last half of the year. [SEP] Why is that? [SEP] I'm having a rough time financially.	I'm having a rough time financially.	I understand, maybe things will improve for you!
8	well I started my new job this week... It is weird to be with people who don't know me	well I started my new job this week... It is weird to be with people who don't know me	I'm sure. But it's a fresh start. Your the new person you can make people think any thing about you that you want.
0	when ever i am with a friend and they are looking at messages and texting while driving, it drives me nuts like what if they hit someone or we have an accident [SEP] Yeah, I am the same way. Incredibly unsafe to do such a thing. [SEP] good then i am not the only one that finds that extremely annoying 	good then i am not the only one that finds that extremely annoying 	I know. I don't want to die doing something incredibly mundane.
4	My mom got scammed out of hundreds of dollars. [SEP] Dude! That sucks! I am so sorry about that. What happened? [SEP] It was some internet phishing thing.  She had zero recourse.  I guess it's actually a little lucky she didn't lose more.	It was some internet phishing thing.  She had zero recourse.  I guess it's actually a little lucky she didn't lose more.	Ugh! That really irritates me. I am so sorry that happened. Too bad they couldn't catch those creeps. 
1	When I was a kid my sister got the bike that I really wanted. I begrudged her that bike for a long time.	When I was a kid my sister got the bike that I really wanted. I begrudged her that bike for a long time.	Oh yeah my brother would always get some things I wanted too. Made me feel jealous. 
2	My kid came home with straight A's!	My kid came home with straight A's!	OMG that is wonderful!!!  I bet you are really proud!
8	Man we're going to the amusement park this weekend [SEP] Which amusement park? [SEP] six flags.  I've never rode a coaster before!	six flags.  I've never rode a coaster before!	Roller coasters are fun but you should stay safe too.
3	There have been other times I felt like a poor parent and provider but that was one of the most memorably worst. [SEP] What happened? [SEP] I drove with my son, who was small then, by a carnival in town and had to drive by it quickly because I didn't have the money to take him. [SEP] Oh man, that sucks 😢 [SEP] Yeah it really did.	Yeah it really did.	It's okay, there will be other times
2	We're going to Thailand for the summer. Pretty sure I know the language enough to guide us. [SEP] Nice! Where did you learn Thai? [SEP] I'm self taught actually. An hour everyday for a year now.	I'm self taught actually. An hour everyday for a year now.	That's impressive. I bet you are more than prepared for this trip then!
7	In a few days I need to go to a company presentation and make a big speech!	In a few days I need to go to a company presentation and make a big speech!	Wow, I bet that's exciting, but also makes you a bit nervous. Congratulations though, I'm sure you are proud to do it!
2	My dog died last week. I've been so depressed without her. [SEP] I am sorry to hear that. [SEP] Thank you, she was pretty old so our family sort of expected it but she left so quick. 	Thank you, she was pretty old so our family sort of expected it but she left so quick. 	I hope you had fun with her.
1	I am looking forward for the new pizza joint to open up here. [SEP] I love pizza. What style pizza does the place make? [SEP] They will make New York style.  I can't wait to eat there!	They will make New York style.  I can't wait to eat there!	Yeah, that sounds very exciting.
3	I was unsure going to the doctor today. It had been awhile [SEP] Yeah, I don't think anyone likes going. How did it go? [SEP] I got some medicine so we will see	I got some medicine so we will see	I am glad you got the help you needed, and I hope you get better soon.
7	One of my friends was doing pretty bad in school but he really turned it around recently. I'm really happy about that too.	One of my friends was doing pretty bad in school but he really turned it around recently. I'm really happy about that too.	Oh thats good 
7	I really care about my community and it's growth. [SEP] It is a good thing that you care. [SEP] Yeah, and most of my community does too, that's why it attracts good folks.	Yeah, and most of my community does too, that's why it attracts good folks.	I wish I lived in your fine community.
7	I got a bonus the other day at work and felt so blessed. 	I got a bonus the other day at work and felt so blessed. 	Good to hear! Congrats!!
2	I'm going to be away from my girlfriend for a year, but she should know that she can trust me.	I'm going to be away from my girlfriend for a year, but she should know that she can trust me.	Sometimes it is very hard and the jealousy can come out. I hope you have a really strong relationship though.
7	The day my daughter was born was the happiest day of my life	The day my daughter was born was the happiest day of my life	Congratulations! You and your family must be delighted to have a new member!
1	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter the gift she wanted	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter the gift she wanted	i would have also. we always want to give our kids the best
7	I lived with this girl once and I trusted her. Found out I never should have. [SEP] Oh, sorry to hear that man. Yeah girls are hard to trust these days. What's up with that? [SEP] I thought she was going through my stuff. So I set up a trap to find out for sure [SEP] You did? Wow! What did it reveal? [SEP] That she was going through my stuff. I wrote a letter and place a piece of hair in it. Then had a guy write my name on it. When I checked hair was gone so I knew she had read it.	That she was going through my stuff. I wrote a letter and place a piece of hair in it. Then had a guy write my name on it. When I checked hair was gone so I knew she had read it.	Wow! Good riddens to her! Haha
2	It sucked when I was in senior year of high school since my brother left for college. [SEP] I could imagine. Were you two very close? [SEP] Yeah very, so that's what made it so lonely.	Yeah very, so that's what made it so lonely.	It's good to have that close bond with your siblings, though.
8	I have an interview tomorrow and I just keep thinking I will perform badly in it.	I have an interview tomorrow and I just keep thinking I will perform badly in it.	I'm sure you'll be fine. Sell yourself.
0	I have been working really hard in school lately.  [SEP] That's a good thing. [SEP] Yes. I have a test coming up and I am sure I will ace it! [SEP] That's really good. What class is it? [SEP] 5 [SEP] 5? [SEP] Sorry about that. I hit some wrong keys. It is a psychology class.	Sorry about that. I hit some wrong keys. It is a psychology class.	Psychology made me sleepy lol
1	Hi.  So I recently found out I was selected to go to a cool work conference out of town.  Only 2 other people in the whole company was invited to go on the work trip! [SEP] That sounds like a good opportunity for you! [SEP] It really is.  I was very honored when I found out about it!	It really is.  I was very honored when I found out about it!	That is great.  It will probably be good to get out of town for a bit too.
1	Our youngest daughter is in a local ballet company.  They are dancing at Scottish Rite Children's hospital next month. [SEP] Beautiful! You must be so proud! [SEP] I'm so very glad that they are focused on giving back.  A few months ago they worked with a local community in a trailer park, bringing dance to kids that don't have any exposure to it.	I'm so very glad that they are focused on giving back.  A few months ago they worked with a local community in a trailer park, bringing dance to kids that don't have any exposure to it.	That's such a great idea! Dance is a great exercise for kids.
1	Man on the months before my move across country, Time seemed to go so slow.	Man on the months before my move across country, Time seemed to go so slow.	cross country, thats awesome
8	My youngest children are starting in a new school tomorrow, and I'm kind of nervous. [SEP] I bet! Who do you think it's going to have the most separation anxiety, you or them? Be honest! [SEP] Them, easily, but that's what I'm anxious about. I'm expecting a phone call while I'm relaxing in my lounge chair that my kids are begging me to pick them up!	Them, easily, but that's what I'm anxious about. I'm expecting a phone call while I'm relaxing in my lounge chair that my kids are begging me to pick them up!	Well stay strong! For what it's worth, I moved schools a lot as a kid and yeah the first day is rough but kids adapt quickly. They might even make new friends right away!
2	I never knew what to expect at these bachelorette parties...as a male stripper I always expected some lonely old cat ladies looking for company...but almost every single time they turned out to be gorgeous chicks in their 20s	I never knew what to expect at these bachelorette parties...as a male stripper I always expected some lonely old cat ladies looking for company...but almost every single time they turned out to be gorgeous chicks in their 20s	Wow, that is quite lucky for you! I bet you made some good tips as well!
4	Before I met my girlfriend and friends, I was very depressed and alone	Before I met my girlfriend and friends, I was very depressed and alone	I am so sorry to hear that. I am glad you found people to count on.
7	My sister just graduated with her MBA.	My sister just graduated with her MBA.	Congratulations on that. What are her plans now?
0	Have you ever worked so hard, years for one moment that define the rest of your life?	Have you ever worked so hard, years for one moment that define the rest of your life?	I sort of have. I worked like crazy to get a work visa for the US, so I could be with the person I wanted to spend my life with. It paid off, so I can kind of understand what you're saying.
6	My daughter needed a computer for school and we were trying to figure out what to get her that would make it all the way through college.	My daughter needed a computer for school and we were trying to figure out what to get her that would make it all the way through college.	Have you been reading reviews online?
4	Last year, when  my kids were both at school, I would get lonely at home sometimes.	Last year, when  my kids were both at school, I would get lonely at home sometimes.	I can understand that. It's usually either parents are happy they are out of the house, or sad that they're gone. I'm sorry you feel lonely. 
3	I really miss my old house sometimes [SEP] I know the feeling. Why did you move [SEP] It was my childhood home.  all my memories were there.  I was quite upset when we moved away	It was my childhood home.  all my memories were there.  I was quite upset when we moved away	That sucks. I hope we never sell my grandmas home. Too many memories
0	I am so happy it is almost August. [SEP] Me too but it is still one more month of heat coming but it also means September is on the way. [SEP] I am so happy it is almost August. [SEP] Why do you say that? [SEP] I love the heat, the hotter the better.	I love the heat, the hotter the better.	I don't like 100+ degree days myself!
8	it's monsoon season here where i live and I can hear the thunder rumbling, I hope we don't get flooded. I'm pretty scared. [SEP] That is scary! Have you been watching the weather? [SEP] yeah we have rain all week i'm not okay with that	yeah we have rain all week i'm not okay with that	Rain can be such a damper. Make sure to be safe and carry around an umbrella if you go anywhere!
8	I always think I want some "me" time, but this weekend my husband and our toddler son were both gone and I actually kind of felt bored and sad! [SEP] Yeah it really isn't for everyone, i like my alone time but only for a while. Afterwards i feel alone and wanting to talk to someone. [SEP] Exactly. We have an infant daughter, but she goes to bed so early that I had a lot of hours of doing nothing in particular. 	Exactly. We have an infant daughter, but she goes to bed so early that I had a lot of hours of doing nothing in particular. 	Thats the perfect time to just pamper yourself. I cherish those few hours every day!
0	I just ordered food and it came and it's totally the wrong order. Now I have to wait another hour for it!	I just ordered food and it came and it's totally the wrong order. Now I have to wait another hour for it!	Oh i can relate, that happened to me with UberEats a couple days ago. Its so frustrating!
4	My pet turtle died.	My pet turtle died.	Oh no! I am so sorry- Turtles need a lot of care to thrive
6	I've been doing great in school so far.	I've been doing great in school so far.	How long have you been in school?
5	I lost my favorite shirt and I wanted to wear it for a concert. [SEP] That's too bad! Do you know if you can buy a new one before the show? [SEP] I looked but I can't find anything like it anywhere. Guess I will have to settle for something else.	I looked but I can't find anything like it anywhere. Guess I will have to settle for something else.	Yea, maybe you can find an alternative. I lost a few shirts over the years before too, it's no fun.
7	I feel very satisfied with life right now. My friends and family are healthy, and I am doing good in my classes	I feel very satisfied with life right now. My friends and family are healthy, and I am doing good in my classes	Being happy where your life is has got to be one of the best feelings. I'm happy for you!
3	I recently has my identity stolen on the internet. [SEP] Am so sorry,  how did you handle it? [SEP] I am so upset about it, I had to call all of the credit bureaus. 	I am so upset about it, I had to call all of the credit bureaus. 	That can be tiresome. I hope you had it all handled at the end
5	I am going to be happy all week. I have family coming into town [SEP] Who is coming? [SEP] My aunts and uncles	My aunts and uncles	Oh, well that should be a lot of fun!
3	I lost a loved one last week, I felt like I was loosing my breath	I lost a loved one last week, I felt like I was loosing my breath	Are you ok? That's absolutely devastating. I hope you have people to confide in right now.
5	I love so much my wife. She has been so caring and kind with me.	I love so much my wife. She has been so caring and kind with me.	That's really nice! You should show her you appreciate her. Maybe cook her dinner!
3	so i did jiu jitsu for 3 years , and now my brother and his wife have done jiu jitsu for 1 year , and the other day i was in shock when they enrolled my 3 year old nephew into jiu jitsu too ... omg the kids gonna be a monster 	so i did jiu jitsu for 3 years , and now my brother and his wife have done jiu jitsu for 1 year , and the other day i was in shock when they enrolled my 3 year old nephew into jiu jitsu too ... omg the kids gonna be a monster 	It's always good to start them young! Hopefully they love it and stick to it.
7	My friend just died last week. I went over to her house to help sort her stuff. [SEP] That is terrible, are you okay? [SEP] Yeah. It was actually nice to look through all her old photo albums from our fun times together.	Yeah. It was actually nice to look through all her old photo albums from our fun times together.	I feel super bad about that, i wish the best for you.
1	Waited as the numbers spinned,and finally the call, that was mine! [SEP] What game were you playing? [SEP] Lotto	Lotto	Wow, I am so happy for you!
4	I was waiting on my best friend to come over so we could watch a movie but she did not show up.	I was waiting on my best friend to come over so we could watch a movie but she did not show up.	I'm sorry. I now that must have been a let down. Can you guys reschedule?
5	I kept waiting to remember what I forgot for this camping trip.  But for once it never happened!	I kept waiting to remember what I forgot for this camping trip.  But for once it never happened!	uh. maybe its not something that important
7	I feel really bad because I hate my boyfriends parents.  [SEP] I know how that is. What happened? [SEP] They are just so aweful to him, but he doesn't seem to realize how little they care about him. 	They are just so aweful to him, but he doesn't seem to realize how little they care about him. 	That is so sad. I have dealt with something similar. Good luck!
7	I am feeling pretty good after finishing that last exam. [SEP] that's great. when will you know how you did? [SEP] I will know this Friday. I studied very hard, so I believe I did well. Fingers crossed. [SEP] i hope so. is this a final exam? [SEP] Yes, it is the final one. Thank you!	Yes, it is the final one. Thank you!	good luck!'
0	Recently my 18 month old has started repeating words so much more clearly.... makes me so happy! [SEP] That is awesome. Your kiddo will be talking your ear off in no time. [SEP] I might regret being so happy right now when she's talking non stop lol	I might regret being so happy right now when she's talking non stop lol	Yeah I know how it is. My kids drive me nuts now. They are 8 and 9.
4	Yesterday, I came home early and I discovered my wife cheating on me. I felt totally destroyed. [SEP] jesus lord...I hope you kicked her out or left! [SEP] I left. I want her to leave but she said that it is also her home since we are married.	I left. I want her to leave but she said that it is also her home since we are married.	She is a (fill in the blank) she cheated and betrayed you and your marriage...she would never win in court after cheating. I am so very sorry. There is nothing like being betrayed by someone you love
7	As I was walking a dog started running towards me. [SEP] Were you scared? Hope it wasn't a mean dog. [SEP] It looked mean so I started running as fast as I could.	It looked mean so I started running as fast as I could.	Good idea. Glad you got away safely.
7	I asked my friend to get some stuff for a party, I knew I could count on him though. [SEP] It's great to be able to have that trust and bond. Did everything go well? [SEP] Yeah the birthday party went really well, glad to have him as a friend.	Yeah the birthday party went really well, glad to have him as a friend.	That's good to hear, all well that ends well.
8	I am so thankful for invention of cars! Can you imagine have to walk or take a bike to places very far away? [SEP] I couldn't. I would love to be able to walk to work, but it's just too far. [SEP] Me too, everything is so far nowadays. I am so grateful!	Me too, everything is so far nowadays. I am so grateful!	If we had a better public transportation system where I live, I'd probably choose that over cars.
1	I don't watch scary shows, but I have been watching the new stephen king show on hulu. [SEP] Yes, I watch the show. That is a bit scary though but not that much. [SEP] The first episode was fine but I don't thik I will go past episode three. Im terrified.	The first episode was fine but I don't thik I will go past episode three. Im terrified.	Ohh come on its not that scary, you should watch whole season.
0	I was sitting here playing video games and heard something loud [SEP] What was it it? [SEP] I looked outside and a freakin spaceship crash landed in my backyard!!!! Christmas came early boys!! [SEP] You cant be serious. [SEP] I am.  You should see this!!  They're getting out now.  Uh oh. I think they see me.	I am.  You should see this!!  They're getting out now.  Uh oh. I think they see me.	You definitely made my day.
4	I was so mortified yesterday.  I slipped and fell in the parking lot in a spectacular fashion.  	I was so mortified yesterday.  I slipped and fell in the parking lot in a spectacular fashion.  	Haha. Sorry to laugh but you said it in a funny way. Are you ok?
7	I have a test coming up and I'm feeling pretty good about it.  [SEP] Nice did you prepare well for it [SEP] Yup I'm going to crush it!	Yup I'm going to crush it!	Awesome good luck
7	I just finished signing the papers for my auto loan refinance! Waiting on a large refund for the GAp insurance! [SEP] Great! Will this mean a lower car payment for you?  [SEP] Yes! And a lower interest rate. I'm so happy. I can really use that extra money!	Yes! And a lower interest rate. I'm so happy. I can really use that extra money!	So happy for you! Yes- having extra money is always a reason to celebrate!
3	I'm sad, tomorrow will be the last time I get to see my friend before she leaves for college!	I'm sad, tomorrow will be the last time I get to see my friend before she leaves for college!	Oh that is sad. I hope you can spend some good time together then.
5	My gradma has been dead for awhile. I really miss spending time with her.  [SEP] Maybe pray and she will hear you. [SEP] I'm not really religious so I don't think she would hear me. 	I'm not really religious so I don't think she would hear me. 	Maybe she could if you tried.
8	The other night I was watching this documentary about a puppy mill getting busted and the dogs getting rescued.  I wanted to adopt everyone of them	The other night I was watching this documentary about a puppy mill getting busted and the dogs getting rescued.  I wanted to adopt everyone of them	Those poor dogs! I hate puppy mills so much and unfortunately I live in an area where they are very common.
1	My power lifting coach bench pressed 650 pounds for 3 reps. I couldn't believe my eyes!	My power lifting coach bench pressed 650 pounds for 3 reps. I couldn't believe my eyes!	Wow! He houldl do competitions. I have only seen that on TV
2	In three more days I finally get to go on vacation. I can't wait. [SEP] dude that is freakin awesome , im sure you earned it  [SEP] Yeah, we are hitting the beach. I've been waiting so long.	Yeah, we are hitting the beach. I've been waiting so long.	i hope you have a lot of fun , i cant wait to go on my vacation as well 
0	I attended a bachelor party this summer. Things got a little out of hand. [SEP] Oh no! How so? [SEP] One of my friends hired some entertainment that my girlfriend would not approve of.	One of my friends hired some entertainment that my girlfriend would not approve of.	A stripper, I see. Well what she does not know will not hurt her.
3	I found some really cool things going through old boxes the other day. [SEP] O yeah? What did you find? [SEP] A box of childhood memories,including my Furby,Teddy Ruxpin, and a tamagatchi.	A box of childhood memories,including my Furby,Teddy Ruxpin, and a tamagatchi.	O man I still have my furby too! I love looking at my old toys
0	I was shocked when my brother invited me for lunch. I had not seen him all week [SEP] Do you guys not get together as much?  [SEP] No, he works a lot	No, he works a lot	I know that feeling, I have a brother I don't see as much as I used to.
6	My family disowned me a few years ago. I heard that they were going on the annual family lake trip next week. Thinking about it made me really sad as I remembered all of my childhood memories on this trip. [SEP] Awe, I am sorry to hear that. Do you think there will be any chance of a reconciliation? [SEP] I don't know, I have been waiting five years and have sent many emails to my mom  but she seems too angry. I hope so one day but it seems less likely every day. 	I don't know, I have been waiting five years and have sent many emails to my mom  but she seems too angry. I hope so one day but it seems less likely every day. 	I know it isn't my place to ask, but why did they disown you?
4	Last night was an incredibly low point in my life. I went dumpster diving for food at my local Burger King. 	Last night was an incredibly low point in my life. I went dumpster diving for food at my local Burger King. 	I'm sorry to hear that, what led you to this?
1	I have chosen as one of the top 5 employee in the company to attend seminar with top management!!	I have chosen as one of the top 5 employee in the company to attend seminar with top management!!	That sounds exciting! The seminar will be a great time to connect with your bosses
5	my cat vomited on my carpet today [SEP] Oh no! That's horrible. Were you able to clean it up? [SEP] yea but it was sickening	yea but it was sickening	I could imagine.
6	I read a horror story last night. [SEP] Which one?  Was it good?  I've read a decent amount of those, but I'm always looking for more. [SEP] It's Chalk, which is written by Paul Cornell.	It's Chalk, which is written by Paul Cornell.	I've never heard of it.  What's it about?
0	I was walking down the street the other day and I felt something hit my head. I realized a bird had pooped on me! I was so shocked. [SEP] Now that is one of the most unfortunate things I've heard all week. How did you get it out of your hair? Eeww [SEP] Not as unfortunate as what I just heard but thanks. I had to run home and take a shower right away. Now I walk around with an umbrella!	Not as unfortunate as what I just heard but thanks. I had to run home and take a shower right away. Now I walk around with an umbrella!	That, I think, is a pretty justifiable response honestly, lol. Now at the very least all you'll have to do is clean the umbrella!
8	I have an interview this week [SEP] Congratulations! What position are you interviewing for? [SEP] It's a role within a housing association	It's a role within a housing association	Not just working for yourself, but helping others too. Good on you!
8	I watched a scary movie the other day while I was at home alone. [SEP] Did it make you feel frightened? [SEP] Yes it made me very uncomfortable. They are usually too much for me.	Yes it made me very uncomfortable. They are usually too much for me.	That's a shame, but sometimes it is good to face our fears.
8	I went to an Imagine Dragons concert this weekend and it was awesome! I don't regret going at all.	I went to an Imagine Dragons concert this weekend and it was awesome! I don't regret going at all.	I actually just discovered Imagine Dragons. I love them!
0	I am still shocked the Eagles won the Super Bowl.	I am still shocked the Eagles won the Super Bowl.	Me to! cowbays all day baby.
8	Sometime I envy my coworkers because some of them have a better career than me.	Sometime I envy my coworkers because some of them have a better career than me.	Yeah, I sometimes do that as well. But, as long as the bills are getting paid, I guess you can't complain.
4	I just had to bury my Golden retriever today. I had him for 10 years.	I just had to bury my Golden retriever today. I had him for 10 years.	Oh no. I'm so sorry.  I feel you.  I lost my sweet springer spaniel, Pepper, not long ago. Are you coping okay?
0	I was a teenager very curiouse about sex and i found a picture looking for condoms it was of my dad and nother lady kissing.  [SEP] I imagine that was a big surprise! Did you ever mention to him? [SEP] No i felt really ashamex of myself for going thru his atuff and i felt ashamed at him but never told him i found the picture.	No i felt really ashamex of myself for going thru his atuff and i felt ashamed at him but never told him i found the picture.	Well, I can relate. My sister and I found some playboy magazines nosing around too!
3	I can't wait for the next season of Stranger Things to get released. I want to see how eleven uses her powers.	I can't wait for the next season of Stranger Things to get released. I want to see how eleven uses her powers.	Stranger things is one of my favorite shows!  It stinks that the next season has been pushed to next summer though.
7	I didn't get the promotion I work hard for at work. [SEP] Me neither, how do you feel about it? [SEP] I was pretty upset, but I will just try harder next time.	I was pretty upset, but I will just try harder next time.	me too, best of luck!
0	My grocery delivery was 2 hours late. They said they'd give me one discount but gave me two. I should probably tell them but I'm keeping them. [SEP] What a pain!  I think when a big company makes so much money and they say they' [SEP] Well I kinda feel bad because they essentially gave me $40 off an $80 order. 	Well I kinda feel bad because they essentially gave me $40 off an $80 order. 	Oops, sorry, I didn't finish my thought.  I think they make enough money to handle it and that inconvenience is worth $80.  Plus now you'll definitely buy again with them so I think it works in their favor and yours!
5	My neighbors are so loud and inconsiderate.  [SEP] Did you try to reason with them? [SEP] i really did but they dont care it just caused more problems :/ 	i really did but they dont care it just caused more problems :/ 	You should report them to the authorities
3	was very sad to hear of my friends passing [SEP] I'm sorry for your loss. That sa to hear. [SEP] Thank you.  He was a really good man. 	Thank you.  He was a really good man. 	It must be really tough. It will get better.
2	I saw a strange shadow in the kitchen at night and froze in fear!  [SEP] Wow I bet you were terrified! Did you see again after or just that once. [SEP] Just the once. I couldnt even sleep the whole night thinking it was a ghost! 	Just the once. I couldnt even sleep the whole night thinking it was a ghost! 	I bet, I wouldn't be able to sleep after either.
3	I am happy with my life now, I have a good girlfriend and friend group [SEP] That's nice. You guys hang out a lot? [SEP] Yeah pretty often, pretty much every other day	Yeah pretty often, pretty much every other day	Keep it up. You guys can be in each others' weddings lol
5	 I haven't been able to find my phone charger in 2 days.... grrrrr!	 I haven't been able to find my phone charger in 2 days.... grrrrr!	Well, I think you should get a new one 
2	I am so mad at my co-worker today! She had the nerve to tell our boss that I was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character [SEP] Oh no, I hate situations like that, when you still have to see people like every day, ugh. [SEP] Especially a co-worker like her. She is not nice to patients or people and she just wants to get me in trouble because she is always in hot water. [SEP] Don't show your anger at all  or let her know it got to you. [SEP] Thank you so much! I will take that advice and be calm and cool tomorrow.	Thank you so much! I will take that advice and be calm and cool tomorrow.	That will bother her more I believe, lol.
3	I was pretty mad last week. My ac broke and it was so hot [SEP] Oh that's terrible. It's been so hot lately. I bet you struggled. [SEP] It was bad all week	It was bad all week	Well I hope you can get it fixed soon! Still more hot days to come yet.
0	I am preparing to take my GRE, the graduate school SAT, and I have so much to study.	I am preparing to take my GRE, the graduate school SAT, and I have so much to study.	Wow, then you know how it feels. I hope you do great.
8	What does it take to not ever have someone in one's life	What does it take to not ever have someone in one's life	Usually people want someone in their life. I guess that takes staying away from others.
4	MY ex moved across the country and didnt say one word [SEP] Were you on good terms? [SEP] I thought so. We have a kid. How crazy is that?	I thought so. We have a kid. How crazy is that?	Wow with a kid involved that's a big no no! I'm sorry you're going through this
8	I found my oldest kids coming home outfit. It was so tiny! [SEP] Lol,  exactly,  because they are children  [SEP] They're just so little when they're first born. It's easy to forget.	They're just so little when they're first born. It's easy to forget.	Yeah.  So what did you do then
6	The weekend was so chill and quiet. Now my kids are back	The weekend was so chill and quiet. Now my kids are back	are they being loud and annoying like usual?
8	My first baby just turned 11 yesterday. I can't believe she is a pre-teen now. I feel like she was just a baby not too long ago. [SEP] They grow up so fast! Have you noticed differences in her personality now that she's getting older? [SEP] Yes! She cares about her appearence more than ever and wants to shave her legs. She also has more of an attitude. Sometmes it's intentional and sometimes its not.	Yes! She cares about her appearence more than ever and wants to shave her legs. She also has more of an attitude. Sometmes it's intentional and sometimes its not.	Its a hard age for girls as I'm sure you remember. At least she has a good mom to guide her!
5	People can give me all the bullshit advice they want on how to live my life and how I need to know my place in society....but I'll just smile and nod because I only trust my instincts and am have ridiculously more freedom, money and happiness than I've ever had before [SEP] Good on you. You need to be comfortable in your own skin and its not other people's business to tell you how to live.  [SEP] Exactly.  Funny thing is they're usually the same people that bitch and moan on Facebook about having a job or boss they hate but do nothing to change their path it's hilarious	Exactly.  Funny thing is they're usually the same people that bitch and moan on Facebook about having a job or boss they hate but do nothing to change their path it's hilarious	Yes, they should really learn to concentrate on their own life instead of complaining about other people.
8	My friend gave me flowers and chocolate [SEP] Oh that is so nice! Was it a special occassion? [SEP] No it wasn't and I wasn't expecting it because we are just mutual friends.	No it wasn't and I wasn't expecting it because we are just mutual friends.	That's lovely. I love when people just give small gifts to each other for no reason.
7	I start a new job on Monday! I am as ready as I could be to hit the ground running! [SEP] wow congrats [SEP] Thanks!  It took a lot of planning and work to get to this point!	Thanks!  It took a lot of planning and work to get to this point!	yeah all the best fo 
7	I have my interview for my new job tomorrow. Been practicing for it all week. [SEP] That's great, how do you feel about it? [SEP] I feel extremely prepared for it. I have no doubt that I will get the job.	I feel extremely prepared for it. I have no doubt that I will get the job.	Congratulations then.  What kind of job is it?
7	I'm excited for my birthday coming up!  I'll be seeing friends I haven't seen in a long time!	I'm excited for my birthday coming up!  I'll be seeing friends I haven't seen in a long time!	always great to see people youve been away from, happy early birthday!
8	I want to try to eat sushi someday.	I want to try to eat sushi someday.	Oh that's funny, I actually just had it for lunch today. I'd highly recommend it.
4	I was mortified when my jeans ripped [SEP] yes i am mortified jeans ripped [SEP] When did you have that happen?	When did you have that happen?	 i am working
0	i miss the olden days when people would just chat not check their phones every few minutes in between a conversation [SEP] I hear ya. I hate it when people check their phones when I'm trying to talk to them. [SEP] it's just like a disease , there is no cure	it's just like a disease , there is no cure	I know what you mean.
5	I am so mad at my cat right now. She has been urinating in the house everyday. [SEP] Oh no, I've never had a cat because my husband and brother are allergic. Is she trying to mark her terriorty? [SEP] I have no idea. I just had the carpets cleaned and she did again. I have about had enough of that cat.	I have no idea. I just had the carpets cleaned and she did again. I have about had enough of that cat.	I bet! Maybe get her checked and see if she has a UTI or if its just behavioral.  Ask on your local pet page if its normal for cats.
1	It took me 26 hours to go from Colorado to Tennessee via gps the other day. [SEP] Oh no! Why do long? Did you walk? [SEP] No, Maps put me on a road that made me drive an old cattle line across Kansas without me knowing.	No, Maps put me on a road that made me drive an old cattle line across Kansas without me knowing.	That stinks, but I am sure you got to see a lot of nice scenery. 
0	Our dog is getting older and having issues. [SEP] I am so sorry to hear that. I know what that is like unfortunately. [SEP] Thanks. It is hard when they are a part of your family.	Thanks. It is hard when they are a part of your family.	Yes definitely. My thoughts are with you, I hope he still has many years left.
2	Today my spouse had an interview, and said it went very well! 	Today my spouse had an interview, and said it went very well! 	awesome! My husband had an interview as well. I hope both of our spouses get a job
3	I stole money from my son's piggy bank. [SEP] Why did you do that? [SEP] I need money for beer.  I feel so ashamed for my behavior.	I need money for beer.  I feel so ashamed for my behavior.	That is terrible, I hope things get better for you both
5	I really felt so bad when I remembered how I stole my mum's money and my brother was punished for it	I really felt so bad when I remembered how I stole my mum's money and my brother was punished for it	Maybe it's time to clear your conscience so you won't have to feel so bad anymore.
7	I just got to college and am terribly homesick. I miss my house and my parents. [SEP] I know the feeling. I lived far away from my parents in college. It does get better. [SEP] I hope it does, otherwise I dont know how I will deal with this sadness.	I hope it does, otherwise I dont know how I will deal with this sadness.	I had to try to make friends and see my parents when I could. I wish you luck.
8	I took money from my family. [SEP] you mean you stole it or they gave it to you? [SEP] I took it from them and they do not know bout it.	I took it from them and they do not know bout it.	that's not good! That's stealing. if you needed money you should've just asked them for it. You need to tell them what you did
2	My wife got a promotion yesterday! [SEP] That's awesome. [SEP] I know, I couldn't be more happy for her. She put a lot of work into her job	I know, I couldn't be more happy for her. She put a lot of work into her job	That's great. I hope she likes the new position.
1	Two more days and the kids are outta here! [SEP] Are you happy or sad about that? [SEP] Mostly happy. They have annoyed me greatly all summer	Mostly happy. They have annoyed me greatly all summer	Oh, well congrats then haha
4	When my grandmother passed away, I was so heartbroken, I was not old enough to be prepared for it	When my grandmother passed away, I was so heartbroken, I was not old enough to be prepared for it	I don't think we are ready at any age to lose someone we love. I am so sorry about your Grandmother.
5	I grew these beautiful flowers in my garden and I had them for three years tending to them carefully. Can you believe our new landscaper mowed them over with his lawn mower.	I grew these beautiful flowers in my garden and I had them for three years tending to them carefully. Can you believe our new landscaper mowed them over with his lawn mower.	Oh no, that's terrible! You should fire that landscaper and plant new flowers.
3	I have a fishing tournament today which I am pretty certain I will win. [SEP] Are you going to be on the news when you win?? [SEP] I certainly hope so, that would be awesome!	I certainly hope so, that would be awesome!	Yeah!  When you win I get first crack at your autograph!
4	now that I am married I no longer feel I don't have a companion [SEP] im sure that you will find another soon [SEP] Well, I don't feel lonely anymore because I just got married buddy	Well, I don't feel lonely anymore because I just got married buddy	im sorry, i read that wrong. i am very happy for you!
3	I just found out I didn't get into the college I wanted to. I'm really disappointed and feel like I should give up	I just found out I didn't get into the college I wanted to. I'm really disappointed and feel like I should give up	Don't give up! You will find a better place and it will be the perfect fit.
3	I didn't have enough money to pay for my groceries and had to put something back. There were a lot of people in line.	I didn't have enough money to pay for my groceries and had to put something back. There were a lot of people in line.	oof thats not a fun siutation
5	When I was eight my parents got me a dog for Christmas. [SEP] A dog is an awesome gift for a little kid.  I bet you were super excited. [SEP] To this day I remember it as the best Christmas of my life.	To this day I remember it as the best Christmas of my life.	I bet!  Maybe I should get my kids a dog for Christmas, I know it would be a great choice for them.
3	I had to go to the doctor's for my annual check-up, I always think they're going to find something wrong. [SEP] What might be wrong? [SEP] Well I guess they might say my blood pressure is too high or something, I don't know really.	Well I guess they might say my blood pressure is too high or something, I don't know really.	I hope everything comes back clean for you?
5	I tried finishing my application for online college classes today because I need the financial aid, and I found out I don't have enough time to complete the requirements. [SEP] Oh no! Can you ask for an extension? Sometimes they'll be quite accommodating. [SEP] I haven't called and asked yet, I have a lot of steps I need to complete for successful enrollment. Some of the steps seem to require mailed-in information rather than electronically sent.	I haven't called and asked yet, I have a lot of steps I need to complete for successful enrollment. Some of the steps seem to require mailed-in information rather than electronically sent.	That seems strange in this day and age. I thought everything could be done online. Perhaps you could hand deliver those parts.
7	I felt bad when I lied to a friend. I just didnt want to hang out [SEP] I have been there before. Sometimes you just need to relax! [SEP] It is nice	It is nice	It is, we all need time for ourselves!
4	My sister showed up at my house with some delicious soup knowing that I am sick. Made me so happy [SEP] That's sweet [SEP] Yeah Im glad she cared	Yeah Im glad she cared	MY sister doesn't even say bless you if I sneeze lol
6	I was going to go to a work picnic today, but it didn't happen thanks to rain.	I was going to go to a work picnic today, but it didn't happen thanks to rain.	That is unfortunate. Did they reschedule the picnic?
6	Some days every little thing gets me irritated	Some days every little thing gets me irritated	what is bugging you today
8	This weekend, I'm going to a concert for one of my favorite bands! [SEP] Neat! What typeof music is the concert for? [SEP] Hard Rock. It's the band Breaking Benjamin, who I've liked since I was a kid, and have always wanted to see live.	Hard Rock. It's the band Breaking Benjamin, who I've liked since I was a kid, and have always wanted to see live.	Interesting! I've never hear their music before!
1	After going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college	After going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college	Wow, that's incredible! Good for him.
5	when i see vomit i almost want to vomit , and in my job there are no janitors so the males on duty need to clean up the mess , and kids vomit in there at least once a week [SEP] Oh gross, you should bail quick if you see a kid getting sick, so that you won't be around to help clean it up. [SEP] i would love to do that, but for some reason im always at the wrong place at the wrong time	i would love to do that, but for some reason im always at the wrong place at the wrong time	I'm sorry, maybe a nose plug would come in handy
4	Currently, I am having some financial issues.	Currently, I am having some financial issues.	that is the worst. i am sorry to hear that.
6	I let a friend copy my answers for a test she did not study for and she made an A.	I let a friend copy my answers for a test she did not study for and she made an A.	How did that make you feel?
8	I was driving to a new destination and I kind of knew the directions. My mom did not turn the navigation on and she let me drive there.	I was driving to a new destination and I kind of knew the directions. My mom did not turn the navigation on and she let me drive there.	I hoe you made it there. Getting lost sucks!
2	The other week it sounded like a bomb went off. I am in a very dangerous city, so you never know here. Between the gunshots and fireworks..AND fire balls..it's hard to tell!	The other week it sounded like a bomb went off. I am in a very dangerous city, so you never know here. Between the gunshots and fireworks..AND fire balls..it's hard to tell!	Oh wow! I'd be afraid to go outside! I hope you are able to stay safe!
4	My cat jumped up on the mantle and destroyed my mothers old vase. I am so distraught because that vase is over 50 years old. [SEP] Could it be fixed at all?  [SEP] It broke apart into many pieces. Its been in the family for so long.	It broke apart into many pieces. Its been in the family for so long.	I am sorry to hear that but luckily noone got hurt.
7	I never win anything but my luck just changed [SEP] How did it change? [SEP] I went to the store to buy some groceries and I won a $20 gift card in a contest.  I was shocked	I went to the store to buy some groceries and I won a $20 gift card in a contest.  I was shocked	Well congratulations, spoil yourself with it!
1	When I was in high school, a few classmates and I cheated on a math test. I regret that too this day. [SEP] It's a chance to turn a new leaf by  getting a high score even without cheating [SEP] That is true! I have vowed to never cheat, or help any cheat on anything as it is highly unethical.	That is true! I have vowed to never cheat, or help any cheat on anything as it is highly unethical.	That's good. The first step towards turning new is to resolve and take action. 
0	I am very hopeful and excited about moving away from a very rough city and moving to a farm. [SEP] Yes!!! I hate the city and prefer the rural areas. Are you going to get farm animals? [SEP] yes! I would love to rescue farm animals. I already have one in the bathtub! lol! Our duck- He'd like a farm too	yes! I would love to rescue farm animals. I already have one in the bathtub! lol! Our duck- He'd like a farm too	I agree, I love farms because it feels so natural.
4	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I could not handle that at all	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I could not handle that at all	I am so sorry to hear that. Are you with family?
0	well, my friend won the lottery [SEP] your friend is probably one of the luckiest people on earth. how do you feel about it/ [SEP] I'm green with envy! why does he get to win and I don't!!!	I'm green with envy! why does he get to win and I don't!!!	well, you know everything happens for a reason. 
7	When I was outside I saw a black cat cross the street. I am superstitious and am now scared something bad will happen to me. [SEP] I believe in that too.  [SEP] Well I will have to be very careful when I do things. I don't want to get injured or anything like that.	Well I will have to be very careful when I do things. I don't want to get injured or anything like that.	Well it think there is a time frame on the bad luck though
2	I am feeling very positive about finally succeeding in busines. [SEP] That sounds great. Was it a promotion or maybe a raise? [SEP] It's just a business I am working on myself. I am the owner in addition to working for another company. It can be hard to get started in business but I am getting there :)	It's just a business I am working on myself. I am the owner in addition to working for another company. It can be hard to get started in business but I am getting there :)	Oh I see. Well thats all very exciting. If you keep working at it Im sure you will continue to be successful. It will pay off.
2	A guy held a knife toward me [SEP] Oh my god. What did you do? [SEP] I defended meself	I defended meself	That's great, I hope you weren't hurt!
6	I went into work this morning and had an unexpected bonus sitting on my desk!	I went into work this morning and had an unexpected bonus sitting on my desk!	OHHH! Those are nice! How much was it if you don't mind me asking?
4	Ugh I was so mad the other day, I went to the store and was grocery shopping. When I came out, I noticed my car was very scratched on the back bumper. I was so furious and angry, and I still am.  [SEP] That's actually so frustrating! No note left on your car or anything from the other driver? [SEP] No! That's the worst part. I can understand if someone left a note to say sorry. But no :(	No! That's the worst part. I can understand if someone left a note to say sorry. But no :(	Sorry to hear, I really hope that it doesn't cost to much to fix that up.
8	A guy cut me off in traffic today	A guy cut me off in traffic today	Arrgg - so annoying. 
7	I found out that I will need to travel abroad at my work, and it really took me off guard. [SEP] Wow, that would be shocking if you weren't expecting it.  Did they tell you when you were hired that there was a possibility?  Where might you be going? [SEP] No, they didn't tell me, but I did suspect it might be in the cards. I'll be going to South Korea for a while.	No, they didn't tell me, but I did suspect it might be in the cards. I'll be going to South Korea for a while.	That will be very different.  How do you feel about it?  I wish you lots of luck and adventure while you're there!  
7	I was devasted when I didnt earn the promotion [SEP] What is the job you were trying to get? [SEP] Vice President of Operations	Vice President of Operations	Oh, well mauybe next time!
5	I just aet a whole pack of cookies [SEP] Oh my, do you feel content with all that sugar in your body? [SEP] Not really. I feel ashamed of myself	Not really. I feel ashamed of myself	Its okay, you should treat yourself every now and then!
1	This maniac cut me off on my way to the doctor yesterday. I had to swerve around them and I wrecked into the ditch. [SEP] Oh dear. I am so sorry that happened to you. Were you hurt? [SEP] Im not hurt. I am just so livid over this whole ordeal.	Im not hurt. I am just so livid over this whole ordeal.	That must have been terrifying. I am glad that you are okay.
1	I took my co-workers phone charger and brought it home with me.	I took my co-workers phone charger and brought it home with me.	Oh..take it back to them..I have had so many take mine and it's not cool
7	Sometimes I'm nervous to play this game.  Because if it's someone who can't hold a conversation I get the feeling of wanting to strangle them on the other side of the computer. And I'm really not that kind of guy [SEP] I undersand. Do you want to strangle me? [SEP] Not yet	Not yet	Good.
2	I'm finally able to afford decent health insurance for once in my life. Not only does it feel good to know I'm covered for some unexpected bad stuff, but I can actually go to the dentist and optometrist and keep up with my teeth/eye health for once.	I'm finally able to afford decent health insurance for once in my life. Not only does it feel good to know I'm covered for some unexpected bad stuff, but I can actually go to the dentist and optometrist and keep up with my teeth/eye health for once.	Glad to hear it! Health is such an important thing, and the more you look after your body, the better it will treat you. 
8	A friend tried to get me to go out to a bar and hang out behind my spouses back...  [SEP] Did you tell your spouse? I really think they should know. [SEP] I havent yet, but I agree with you I should. I just dont want them to be upset with my friends. 	I havent yet, but I agree with you I should. I just dont want them to be upset with my friends. 	Some would consider it cheating if you did not tell them.
4	Its difficult for me to trust people at times. [SEP] Why, have you have bad experiences? [SEP] I have throughout my life and have found it difficult to be vulnerable. 	I have throughout my life and have found it difficult to be vulnerable. 	I'm sorry to hear that.
3	I really miss my man. He went on a business trip to Europe so I am here in his shirt. [SEP] That no good!  How long will he be gone? [SEP] He will be gone for two weeks but it feels like 2 years.	He will be gone for two weeks but it feels like 2 years.	Just hold on a little longer!  You will feel better when he gets back!
0	When I was a teen, I fell in love with my best friends girlfriend.  [SEP] Oh that sounds dramatic. How did it turn out? [SEP] I had some bad feelings about it and him for a while, but I got over it. 	I had some bad feelings about it and him for a while, but I got over it. 	I'm glad you worked it out!
8	I was at the store and I dropped my wallet. Luckily some old man picked it up and gave it back to me before I even noticed!	I was at the store and I dropped my wallet. Luckily some old man picked it up and gave it back to me before I even noticed!	Man that was super lucky, most people would have taken it
5	I don't have a job currently. So today, I robbed an old lady. I feel bad about it.	I don't have a job currently. So today, I robbed an old lady. I feel bad about it.	Wow, that's really extreme. You should feel bad about it.
1	I saw a giant flying roach on the front porch. [SEP] How big was it? [SEP] More than an inch long. [SEP] That [SEP] That? [SEP] That must have been so scary, did you kill him? [SEP] He scurried off before I had a chance :(	He scurried off before I had a chance :(	That's awful he might be in your house.
3	I am really looking forward to Christmas, I would like to get lots of presents. [SEP] Christmas is so much fun! Are you asking for anything in particular? [SEP] I would like to get a car, I don't know if anyone would be willing to give me such a gift.	I would like to get a car, I don't know if anyone would be willing to give me such a gift.	Oh wow! That's a big gift! I hope you receive it
0	So my 4 year old gets to start preschool in a week. [SEP] Oh how exciting! Are you at all worried how they'll take being separated? [SEP] A little. I think that's normal though. Glad he'll start to make new friends though.	A little. I think that's normal though. Glad he'll start to make new friends though.	Definitely. It will probably be tougher on you than him. Here's to a wonderful first day of preschool for both of you!
4	I didn't get any of the classes I wanted for this semester [SEP] Oh dang! Did you file for classes late? [SEP] I had to re-register and they were all full. I don't think I am going to do well now	I had to re-register and they were all full. I don't think I am going to do well now	I'm so sorry to hear it! Were you able to take anything?
8	I rip on my friends and make mean jokes about them alot.  But that doesn't mean I hate them in fact I look out for them like they are my brothers [SEP] Its really good that you have friends like that. I'm sure they realize that you are just joking with them! [SEP] Yes we all do lol.  It's all love	Yes we all do lol.  It's all love	I wish I had such good friends like you do!
6	I cannot wait for the weekend. I get to see some old friends [SEP] Really? [SEP] Yeah its going to be fun	Yeah its going to be fun	Will you hang out with them?
5	So, my best friend did something I had a very hard time forgiving him for	So, my best friend did something I had a very hard time forgiving him for	mind telling me what happened maybe i could help you?
5	Hi! Have you been to a rodeo?	Hi! Have you been to a rodeo?	No! I think that should be on my bucket list though.
5	I got the worst mark back on my science test. [SEP] i hope it wasn't an important and you still managed to pass everything. why did that happen? [SEP] It was but I studied hard so I'm confused as to how I did.	It was but I studied hard so I'm confused as to how I did.	don't worry about it, maybe it was the teacher's fault . but since you're okay and everything is fine there's no point in worrying about it.
2	I get to fly up and go see my girlfriend in Boston soon! [SEP] How exciting! Has it been a long time since you've seen her? [SEP] About two months! However while it is sappy, more than a day without seeing her feels like eternity. 	About two months! However while it is sappy, more than a day without seeing her feels like eternity. 	I'm jealous! That's so sweet and I hope you have a great time!
1	My friend is having troubles. I don't know what to do as far as helping him. [SEP] What kind of trouble is he having right now? [SEP] A drug problem. It has been going on for years.	A drug problem. It has been going on for years.	Oh no. That is no good! It is hard to sit back and watch someone have a drug problem
2	I'm really worried I screwed up at work and said something I shouldn't have. Now I can't stop thinking about it	I'm really worried I screwed up at work and said something I shouldn't have. Now I can't stop thinking about it	I bet it will be okay
3	So, my mom thinks she's sooo funny every christmas because she always wraps up one of the gifts in a poptart box (or something similar). The big surprise this year was I opened my present up and it really was just poptarts this time.	So, my mom thinks she's sooo funny every christmas because she always wraps up one of the gifts in a poptart box (or something similar). The big surprise this year was I opened my present up and it really was just poptarts this time.	Lol! That is hilarious. I hope you got it on video
5	I wish I had more money like Bill Gates. [SEP] I am totally with you [SEP] Maybe I can start the next Microsoft.	Maybe I can start the next Microsoft.	I am sure you could
8	I will never forget when my daughter was born and they gave her to me for the first time! [SEP] That is an amazing feeling. I have three daughters. It doesn't matter how many you have, the first time you hold them, its amazing. [SEP] I have 3 little ones too! I had a girl, then boy, then girl! Such a precious moment! [SEP] That's awesome. I would love to have a boy too, but I'm not sure if I want another one or not.  [SEP] I'm debating on another too. My youngest is only 17 months so I am definitely not in a rush. [SEP] My youngest is 3, and almost completely potty trained, but its been a struggle. Maybe when she starts school, I'll make up my mind. [SEP] It's definitely scary to start all over again!	It's definitely scary to start all over again!	Yes, and that's what we did with her. her sisters were a 8 and 9 when she was born.
2	I am working parent who also goes to school. It can be tough	I am working parent who also goes to school. It can be tough	I can imagine so! I bet you are one tired person when you hit the bed at night!
8	I saw my 3DS next to me on my desk and thought about all of the Pokemon games I played as a kid. [SEP] Oh man! I love Pokemon! The first one I ever played was Pokemon Blue. [SEP] The first game I ever played was Pokemon Crystal. It was actually the first video game I ever owned. I miss those days.	The first game I ever played was Pokemon Crystal. It was actually the first video game I ever owned. I miss those days.	Those were the good ol' days. Now they have way too many Pokemon. I miss the original 151.
5	MY nest will be empty soon. I don't know what I'm going to do.	MY nest will be empty soon. I don't know what I'm going to do.	New hobby. Maybe surfing or hiking.
1	Hillary Clinton annoys me	Hillary Clinton annoys me	She annoys me as well! She seemed pretty fraudulent in the last election.
2	I knew i would pass my math test that i studied for last week	I knew i would pass my math test that i studied for last week	It's a good feeling when you are successful after you have worked so hard. 
1	My friend's went on vacation for a week and I got to watch their super adorable puppy for a week!	My friend's went on vacation for a week and I got to watch their super adorable puppy for a week!	That's awesome! I love dog sitting no matter the occasion!
8	It was really annoying when I was thinking I would room with my brother back in freshman year of college, but it didn't work out as planned. [SEP] It would have been easier to room with your brother isntead of a random roomate ,I bet. [SEP] Definitely. It was just some random guy, and he was really incompatible with me too so it was really frustrating that they didn't room us together.	Definitely. It was just some random guy, and he was really incompatible with me too so it was really frustrating that they didn't room us together.	Strange they ask you to pay for college, but offer few choices.
5	Last week, my partner's mom passed away. It was truly hard for her to comprehend all the mixed feelings at that moment [SEP] I am so sorry to hear that.  Losing a loved one is definitely one of the hardest things in life. [SEP] I know. I wish I could help my partner, but i think time is the only heal to emotional wounds	I know. I wish I could help my partner, but i think time is the only heal to emotional wounds	Maybe they just need some time to let the emotions settle a bit.
8	i always stole my moms money when i wasyounger [SEP] How young were you? [SEP] 12	12	That is not bad then, that is being a kid
0	I took a licensing exam Monday for the city. I studied so hard for it that I felt super confident when I was going in to the testing site. I ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class! [SEP] im glad to hear that!!! hard work pays off!! [SEP] It certainly does. I get to start my new job this coming Monday. I can't wait!	It certainly does. I get to start my new job this coming Monday. I can't wait!	im very proud of you and the hard work you put in
2	Super sad this weekend. I wish my partner would be done with therapy already and be home  [SEP] Aww, I hate to hear that. How long have you two been together? [SEP] 3 years. but I also know I have a lot of ptsd from him and it will be a long road before I am ready to be around him again. But you know...at the same time it's hard!!!	3 years. but I also know I have a lot of ptsd from him and it will be a long road before I am ready to be around him again. But you know...at the same time it's hard!!!	Well, hopefully when it's all said and done it'll be be worth it. Best of luck with it.
6	I couldnt believe the luck I was having, I was up 100 dollars already	I couldnt believe the luck I was having, I was up 100 dollars already	Good for you. Did you win it in a lottery or what?
5	I quit my job recently, which was great. But I didn't have time to tell my good friend before leaving. I feel so bad now. [SEP] Im sure they understand. That is a tough position to be in. [SEP] Well she sent me an email checking in. And I responded but I think it filtered to her junk mail, she hasn't responded back.	Well she sent me an email checking in. And I responded but I think it filtered to her junk mail, she hasn't responded back.	Maybe try and reach out on social media to a few of them. Im sure they would love to hear from you.
5	I didn't get the promotion at work, I cant believe Becky got it over me... I'm really upset about it. [SEP] Gee, that is too bad. I wonder why Becky got it and you didn't? [SEP] I don't know, It just seems like she always gets everything. ugh ! Sometimes I wish I could be as lucky as her.	I don't know, It just seems like she always gets everything. ugh ! Sometimes I wish I could be as lucky as her.	Yeah, that's no fun. Maybe you'll get offered the next promotion that is available? 
8	i hate when someone dosnt take the hint and will not stop talking [SEP] I agree. That is rude and annoying. How do you handle it? [SEP] i try not to be rude, but sometimes people are too dense to get hints so you have to be more direct	i try not to be rude, but sometimes people are too dense to get hints so you have to be more direct	I generally tend to start walking away from them.
0	Watching someone stream an old video game on Twitch, one that I used to play. It's one that's like almost 20 years old, that I used to play when I was 11. Makes me wish I didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	Watching someone stream an old video game on Twitch, one that I used to play. It's one that's like almost 20 years old, that I used to play when I was 11. Makes me wish I didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	Adulting is hard that's for sure. Start playing it and streaming and make some money.
5	I didn't get the promotion that I worked so hard. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that! [SEP] It's okay, I will have to try harder next time.	It's okay, I will have to try harder next time.	Good luck. Maybe a better opportunity will come around.
2	I was cleaning out my fridge and found some meat that was over a month old. It was green and really gross.  [SEP] That is disgusting.  Sounds like my dad though,  He keeps things for months [SEP] Yeah I was just lazy in cleaning stuff out, but I  won't make that mistake again! I don't like to throw up while I'm cleaning. 	Yeah I was just lazy in cleaning stuff out, but I  won't make that mistake again! I don't like to throw up while I'm cleaning. 	UGH thats bad.  I bet is smelled like crap too
5	At night, my neighbors dog keeps barking and barking and I have no idea why. I've avoided bringing it up to him, but I'm trying to avoid drama. [SEP] That must be annoying, what kind of dog? [SEP] It's a little terrier, but man can that thing bark! I don't know how my neighbor doesn't hear him.	It's a little terrier, but man can that thing bark! I don't know how my neighbor doesn't hear him.	Maybe try asking the neighbor about him?
6	This weekend, a guy totally drunk has hit very badly my car. [SEP] Are you saying that a drunk guy hit your car, and that it is very bad? If so, that really sucks and I am sorry. Did he have insurance? [SEP] I don't know. He didn't want to exchange insurance information and he didn't want to fill the papers for the insurance. He left. I had to call the police.	I don't know. He didn't want to exchange insurance information and he didn't want to fill the papers for the insurance. He left. I had to call the police.	Were the police able to help? That sounds like a big mess!
4	I got some fast food today and it was sooo good! [SEP] I bet.  I love fast food soooo much.  What did you have? [SEP] Oh lord...The bad one..mcdonalds! lol- I can't have wheat so I can't eat much..I wanted nuggets SO bad too..I don't eat it often..but junk food tastes nice now and again. [SEP] It really does.  I feel your pain on the no wheat policy.  I used to eat fast food all of the time and now I am a no wheat no oil vegan, so No fast food. [SEP] Oh you know, I need to go vegan as well! So much has wheat in it. Most of the vegan stuff here does. I am in the midwest and I can't have too much fruit..I don't like most veggies and I am on keto :/ SIGH! I am getting there though. You can have fries though unless youre a celiac!  [SEP] I'm not celiac, but I just eat whole food plant based.  It has been hard for me because I also hate vegetables (not good for a vegan) but I drink a lot of fresh vegetable juices and whole food smoothies to get the nutrients in.  I feel so much better now, though, that I can't go back.  Check out the Happy Pear on youtube, they have great vegan recipes. [SEP] I am in a RAW group, I just don't have the kitchen space and money yet to commit too it but I am working towards it! That IS the best diet ever! Kudos to you for taking care of your health! Even fries can get me so sick sometimes, I am pretty much allergic/intolerant to MOST foods- I keep saying that I just need to do fruits and veggies- I also have SIBO I am trying to get rid of...Dairy...meat..sugar...carbs..NON organic food..Dyes/chemicals..Sensitive to it ALL lol!	I am in a RAW group, I just don't have the kitchen space and money yet to commit too it but I am working towards it! That IS the best diet ever! Kudos to you for taking care of your health! Even fries can get me so sick sometimes, I am pretty much allergic/intolerant to MOST foods- I keep saying that I just need to do fruits and veggies- I also have SIBO I am trying to get rid of...Dairy...meat..sugar...carbs..NON organic food..Dyes/chemicals..Sensitive to it ALL lol!	I am very sorry to hear all of that, it is a little more expensive, but I found I feel so much better I can actually work more o make up the difference.  Check out Dr. Michael Greger, too if you haven't he is a great resource as well.
1	So, went to the bar last night and woke up missing my underpants. I had no idea what happened to them, [SEP] Oh no, are you okay [SEP] Yes, I am okay. I was pretty thankful, since the bartender returned them to me. Apparently, I was so drunk that I was wearing them on my head.	Yes, I am okay. I was pretty thankful, since the bartender returned them to me. Apparently, I was so drunk that I was wearing them on my head.	I hate being that drunk
6	THe worst thing happened the other day. I went grovery shopping and I thought I was being followed. It scared me so bad! [SEP] Who was following you?! [SEP] This big scary guy	This big scary guy	What did he look like? I would call the cops if they are stalking you.
1	I am really excited for this weekend [SEP] That's great! What do you have planned? [SEP] my whole family is getting together for my moms birthday.  Im excited to see all of my family members.  it should be a lot of fun	my whole family is getting together for my moms birthday.  Im excited to see all of my family members.  it should be a lot of fun	That does sound like a lot of fun!
3	My appartment was robbed last week. The police called me to tell me that theyprobably found some of the objects that have been robbed. I hope it is true.	My appartment was robbed last week. The police called me to tell me that theyprobably found some of the objects that have been robbed. I hope it is true.	Oh wow that is terrible I hope you recover everything that was taken from you
4	I was so mad the other day that I embarassed myself at the store. [SEP] What happened? [SEP] I was trying to open a bottle of bodywash to smell it and it squirted out all over me and my cart.	I was trying to open a bottle of bodywash to smell it and it squirted out all over me and my cart.	Im sorry that happened. Did it atleast smell good?
6	I got invited to a trip last week and was super happy they let me join them	I got invited to a trip last week and was super happy they let me join them	how was the trip?
1	My sister and I watch each other's children while we work [SEP] That's nice [SEP] It works out well.  Daycare is so expensive and they don't care about your kids more than family	It works out well.  Daycare is so expensive and they don't care about your kids more than family	That's so true. I was scared to put my kids in daycare
0	I experienced road rage the other day. I woman carelessly swerved in front of me, causing me to slam on my brakes.	I experienced road rage the other day. I woman carelessly swerved in front of me, causing me to slam on my brakes.	Road rage is a problem I deal with too.  I have adult add and tend to be impulsive and am horrible at socializing.  I'm glad your alright and I don't blame you for getting stressed out by that.
0	My son just said his first words this weekend.  They just came out of nowhere. [SEP] Well, that's wonderful and I know it really is so great to hear your child's first words! [SEP] It was!  He has been a little bit of a late bloomer, but it was worth the wait.	It was!  He has been a little bit of a late bloomer, but it was worth the wait.	For Sure. Before you know it, he'll be saying full sentences!
7	Let me tell you something, i never win anything but yesterday i won 75$ in a lotery! i know it's not much but i felt so lucky [SEP] That's really awesome! I never win anything either... [SEP] that's why i was so surprised when i saw i won some money. i kept checking to see if it's really true	that's why i was so surprised when i saw i won some money. i kept checking to see if it's really true	Well congratulations! I hope you spend it on something good for yourself!
2	Do you ever see someone and feel like you are transported back in time to a specific place and moment? [SEP] Oh yes! Deja Vu has happened to me quite a bit! It's eerie and cool huh? [SEP] its crazy! I ran into my ex at the grocery store.  She has kids now, so that was weird.  We talked about some of our old memories.  It was fun thinking about the past and imagining what could have been.	its crazy! I ran into my ex at the grocery store.  She has kids now, so that was weird.  We talked about some of our old memories.  It was fun thinking about the past and imagining what could have been.	It's always intense running into ex's. I'm glad your guys conversation went well and you guys could catch up. 
1	My mother in law cannot mind her own business.	My mother in law cannot mind her own business.	Yikes! You got one of the bad ones. They sure makes things hard. 
0	I just got cable	I just got cable	Well, now you'll have some good television to watch.
7	I am waiting to see if I pass the GRE. [SEP] I hope you did it. Don't worry too much. [SEP] Thank you, I am trying my best. 	Thank you, I am trying my best. 	If you need to you can always take it again. Good luck!
3	I found an awesome new gym by my house! [SEP] Wow,  that's lovely. So you will start keep fit [SEP] Yes! The classes are great too! I'm thinking of trying yoga!	Yes! The classes are great too! I'm thinking of trying yoga!	It will help you,  even in blood circulation 
3	I watched a trainer at my gym help a person. He knew what he was doing which was nice [SEP] What did they help them with, just how to do certain moves? [SEP] Just certain movies and techniques	Just certain movies and techniques	Yes, some are really good at helping others lose weight and feel good
5	I applied for a home loan and I'm waiting to hear back on it. The waiting is driving me up a wall. [SEP] can't you place a call to them? [SEP] I have. It's taking them extra long for some reason. All the scrutiny is making me run circles.	I have. It's taking them extra long for some reason. All the scrutiny is making me run circles.	I just think you should just be optimistic and patient
8	This week, I ran 60 miles in total.  After I finished up my long run on Sunday I just sat around for the rest of the day. [SEP] i don't blame you for siting around all day. 60 miles, I do't think i walk that in year [SEP] It was a pretty grueling week.  Still, no better feeling than being done and being able to just sit for the rest of the day.	It was a pretty grueling week.  Still, no better feeling than being done and being able to just sit for the rest of the day.	you deserve the rest after this week, must be a great feeling to accomplish what you did
8	listening to metallicas ride the lightning album reminds me of high school. good times [SEP] i love listening to oldies. music now isnt as good as it used to be! memories right  [SEP] the memories are the best!	the memories are the best!	yes they are luckily we will always have them! 
7	Last Halloween I was nervous to go out at night. [SEP] Did everything turn out alright. [SEP] No, I decided my safety was more important than going out	No, I decided my safety was more important than going out	Probably for the best then.
6	I think my brain is full.  I am ready as I can be! [SEP] Ready for what? [SEP] I have a test at work this week.  I have been studying for like a week.  I think I am ready for it.	I have a test at work this week.  I have been studying for like a week.  I think I am ready for it.	Great. What is the test about?
2	I purchased my first new vehicle yesterday.	I purchased my first new vehicle yesterday.	That must be very exciting! I hope to get a new vehicle soon as well.
2	Looking forward to getting my cats a new cat tree tomorrow! It is a warehouse deal so I am hoping it is in good shape!	Looking forward to getting my cats a new cat tree tomorrow! It is a warehouse deal so I am hoping it is in good shape!	I hope the cat likes it
1	I was cleaning out my fridge and found some meat that was over a month old. It was green and really gross. 	I was cleaning out my fridge and found some meat that was over a month old. It was green and really gross. 	That is disgusting.  Sounds like my dad though,  He keeps things for months
4	Was walking down the street yesterday and some little twerp ran his skateboard right into me, and he slammed into the back of my knee. It's been throbbing all day and it's swollen. Pretty sure something's messed up. I'm ready for bad news. At least I have insurance now.	Was walking down the street yesterday and some little twerp ran his skateboard right into me, and he slammed into the back of my knee. It's been throbbing all day and it's swollen. Pretty sure something's messed up. I'm ready for bad news. At least I have insurance now.	Oh wow, I'm sorry to hear that! Put your leg up and relax this weekend! 
6	I was very unsure about my first day of high school. I was just not sure how it was going to go for me.	I was very unsure about my first day of high school. I was just not sure how it was going to go for me.	How did it go?
8	I applied for my dream job but I never got a call back. [SEP] oh that's bad. I feel sorry for you. [SEP] So do I, I saw a person who was having an interview right after me working there yesterday	So do I, I saw a person who was having an interview right after me working there yesterday	But don't feel dejected. Your time will come. I pray for your bright future.
2	A guy held a knife toward me [SEP] Oh my god. What did you do? [SEP] I defended meself	I defended meself	That's great, I hope you weren't hurt!
7	From starting i told about my love to my family.they are not accepted after that handled more problems.finally we got both family permission.	From starting i told about my love to my family.they are not accepted after that handled more problems.finally we got both family permission.	I am happy for you!
1	One time in freshman year I got invited to this really shady sounding party. [SEP] Oh that sounds kind of worrisome. [SEP] Yeah, we went to check it out even though we were hesitant and it turned out great though. A lot of fun.	Yeah, we went to check it out even though we were hesitant and it turned out great though. A lot of fun.	well thats a relief.
1	My neighbor was robbed at home last week.  Since then, she has been too scared to stay by herself.  We let her stay with us for a couple of nights.	My neighbor was robbed at home last week.  Since then, she has been too scared to stay by herself.  We let her stay with us for a couple of nights.	That sounds terrifying! I wouldn't want to stay alone either. That was nice you guys took her in.
8	"Last winter a big snow storm was approaching. I had to rush around to get the final stuff and the snow had already started.	"Last winter a big snow storm was approaching. I had to rush around to get the final stuff and the snow had already started.	Were you able to get all the things you needed in time
8	I had food, water, and a place to sleep today. I am so thankful.	I had food, water, and a place to sleep today. I am so thankful.	I get that so many people in the world are so much worse off then us. I think it's easy to forget that.
8	every week i have a laundry list of things i need to get when i get paid. then pay day comes and it's gone in a second. [SEP] Hm I can relate to that haha [SEP] it is really hard to always be broke	it is really hard to always be broke	I'm not always broke but I feel like what helps is leaving my credit / debit card at home and just carry cash for what I need
4	I dropped my allstart team trophy and it shattered everywhere [SEP] Dang, that really blows. What was it made of, glass? [SEP] some sort of ceramic material.	some sort of ceramic material.	They should use metal. That never breaks. Sorry that happened to you.
4	A few years ago I lost someone dear to me tragically. It broke my heart and left me feeling like I should have been able to stop it.	A few years ago I lost someone dear to me tragically. It broke my heart and left me feeling like I should have been able to stop it.	I am so sorry to hear about that. It is very hard to lose a loved one but treasure the memories of that person, especially the good memories. 
0	When I was a young child, I fell off of the slide, but my father caught me before I hit the ground. I knew I could count on my dad after that day. [SEP] What a nice story and how wonderful to feel so protected! [SEP] Thank you, and most certainly! Parents can make a big impact in a child's life.	Thank you, and most certainly! Parents can make a big impact in a child's life.	Yes I am sure that have make you or will make you in the future a wonderful parent too!
4	My girlfriend at the time seemed to be so much more passionate when talking to one of her friends. [SEP] What do you mean exactly? She doesn't have the same passion when speaking to you? [SEP] She just seemed to be so much more energetic and engaged when she was talking to him.	She just seemed to be so much more energetic and engaged when she was talking to him.	Oh wow, I'm sorry to hear that. That must hurt.
7	I accidentally passed gas while talking to a coworker. [SEP] Well that's...kinda funny not gonna lie [SEP] I felt very ashamed at the time.	I felt very ashamed at the time.	haha well hey it happens to the best of us...I do it around my friends all the time
1	So you ever get those moments when you look like a idiot for not understanding what someone meant earlier. [SEP] It does happen sometimes. Has it ever occurred to you? [SEP] Yeah when i was going to drive friends home i thought they were in my car at first but they wanted to ride on our way to the next place we were going.	Yeah when i was going to drive friends home i thought they were in my car at first but they wanted to ride on our way to the next place we were going.	You must have felt terribly guilty when you realized! Happens to all of us
0	Intuition can be a key tool to a seasoned nurse.  [SEP] I suppose, but research and concrete knowledge is more beneficial as it is a very hands on and physical occupation, especially when the health of others are in their hands. [SEP] Those are very beneficial tools as well but sometimes experience plays a large part in patient outcomes. 	Those are very beneficial tools as well but sometimes experience plays a large part in patient outcomes. 	That is true. There are many situations where experience can strengthen your skills compared to just learning it from a book.
4	Me and my girlfriend broke up today.	Me and my girlfriend broke up today.	I'm so sorry to hear that. Why did it happen?
6	my uncle died last year [SEP] oh no!  I'm so sad to hear that :( [SEP] yea it hit hard at first but ive come to accept it and move on	yea it hit hard at first but ive come to accept it and move on	Yeah that's all you can do I guess.  Do you do anything cool in his memory?
1	My friend just went through a break up. Think some good movies and food are in order	My friend just went through a break up. Think some good movies and food are in order	That's tough, it's good he has a friend like you to help him out though.
0	I have worked so hard in school lately. [SEP] Are you tired? [SEP] I am. I can't wait til its over!	I am. I can't wait til its over!	I understand. Taking some rest is important.
8	Boy, that movie The Conjuring sure was good.  [SEP] I've not seen the movie [SEP] Oh, if you are a horror movie buff, you should. It has been long time since I was this scared. 	Oh, if you are a horror movie buff, you should. It has been long time since I was this scared. 	Hahaha I really love to see horror movies, but I don't usually get scared
4	I was completely devastated when i heard my father died in car accident	I was completely devastated when i heard my father died in car accident	Oh no I'm so sorry to hear that
0	I love my job!	I love my job!	Me too, its the only place I get to get away from my wife's constant nagging.
7	The part of the project that we had been working on and that was very crucial, i completed it successfully, all on my own. I hope my manager would notice and promote me [SEP] I am sure your hard work will pay off! [SEP] I am very optimistic and hope my efforts would not go unnoticed into nothingness	I am very optimistic and hope my efforts would not go unnoticed into nothingness	It is always a good thing to stay optimistic.
0	I snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text. [SEP] Is it something that commits you a lot? [SEP] No. She's been kinda off lately.	No. She's been kinda off lately.	ahh ... then you have to support it
5	Just took a bite at this restaurant and my burger had a tomato, gross. [SEP] Ah you aren't a big fan of tomatos? [SEP] Nope they are disgusting, I'm getting my money back.	Nope they are disgusting, I'm getting my money back.	Yes, if you requested no tomato, you should get a refund!
3	Yesterday I caught up talking with my cousin... it brought back so many good memories [SEP] Ah that must have been nostalgic. Did you grow up with your cousin? [SEP] Yes I did until  she moved to the west coast	Yes I did until  she moved to the west coast	I see. It's really good you got to catch up though!
5	I was doing some shopping in a thrift store recently and came across a toy similar to one I had when I was a kid. It really made me remember my childhood.	I was doing some shopping in a thrift store recently and came across a toy similar to one I had when I was a kid. It really made me remember my childhood.	Maybe you should buy it for keep sake 
5	I helped a friend move his grandparent out of their house the other day. They were apparently full blown hoarders. I was appalled at the condition of the house and its contents! [SEP] oh wow i couldnt even imagine [SEP] It was so gross!  The smell was unbelievable!	It was so gross!  The smell was unbelievable!	yuk
5	My friend just got a new job [SEP] That's great! Where are they working? [SEP] Health care place. Except they're earning more than me in the same field, even though I am way more qualified	Health care place. Except they're earning more than me in the same field, even though I am way more qualified	That's got to be frustrating. Have you thought of maybe working at the same place?
2	I was at my mom's house doing some pet sitting for her recently, and I found an old family photo album. It was interesting going back through it and reminiscing. [SEP] That sounds like a lot of fun! Did you discover anything new? [SEP] I found some photos in there of my mom's house growing up. I had no idea she'd lived on a farm as a little kid, she never talked about it!	I found some photos in there of my mom's house growing up. I had no idea she'd lived on a farm as a little kid, she never talked about it!	That's pretty exciting! I hope it sparks a lot of new conversations for you both.
7	I'm expecting a good score in my exams. [SEP] glad to hear that. im guessing you have studied hard? [SEP] Yeah and I did exams well.	Yeah and I did exams well.	congratulations!! im glad to hear that. was the exam hard?
7	I am confident Donald Trump will Make America Great Again. [SEP] Really? Lot's of people seem to disagree with that [SEP] I am not one of them. The economy is doing great and unemployment is at an all time low.	I am not one of them. The economy is doing great and unemployment is at an all time low.	Good - I'm sure he will be good for the business side of things.
7	last year i had put a nice chunk of change into crypto-currencies like bitcoin... although they went up in value a great deal, they have came back down before i actually took any profits. feels bad! [SEP] I watched that happen. Been thinking about doing some research on trading with bitcoin. [SEP] yea i used to try and make small trades for profits but its stressful, could drive me to relapse on drinking!!! i think im oging to just double down on what i have and buy more i think it should shoot up again eventually!	yea i used to try and make small trades for profits but its stressful, could drive me to relapse on drinking!!! i think im oging to just double down on what i have and buy more i think it should shoot up again eventually!	That's a good idea. I think there is alot of promise there. good luck.
6	I was not impressed when I realized that I left my badge at home	I was not impressed when I realized that I left my badge at home	Oh no. Did you need it?
2	I have a new born who is only 6 months old. He just started to talk, or make funny sounds at least! [SEP] That is so cool!  Is it your first baby? [SEP] Yes it is, I'm a very happy dad. He's going to be so smart. 	Yes it is, I'm a very happy dad. He's going to be so smart. 	I bet.  If he is anything like you he will grow up to be a great person.
7	Man, my best friend just got a Lamborghini! I am so envious of her. I've always wanted one.  [SEP] She's balling hard, I'm sure that her new toy will serve as motivation for you. [SEP] Yes, hopefully someday I can have one. At least she was nice and gave me a ride in it. 	Yes, hopefully someday I can have one. At least she was nice and gave me a ride in it. 	That's splendid and it should help you decide if you want an interior similar to hers or completely different in the future.
0	Robin williams was my hero i am so sad he's gone	Robin williams was my hero i am so sad he's gone	I know that was the case for many, I am sorry that impacted you 
0	Just got finished jogging and I'm feeling really tired, but I have a sense of achievement, too	Just got finished jogging and I'm feeling really tired, but I have a sense of achievement, too	Its a good time to jog right now in the morning. good for you! 
3	I just broke up with my girlfriend of 4 years. She left the apartment to me. I'm all by myself.  [SEP] I'm sorry. Do you enjoy having the apartment to yourself? [SEP] No, I don't like being the only one here. There's so much space here for one person.	No, I don't like being the only one here. There's so much space here for one person.	That's true. I hope you find someone new to share it with.
4	My pet iguana died he was 15 years old..	My pet iguana died he was 15 years old..	Wow! Is that old for an iguana? Im sorry to hear that
6	I didn't get any of the classes I wanted for this semester	I didn't get any of the classes I wanted for this semester	Oh dang! Did you file for classes late?
0	I exercise often but as a powerlifter I do very little cardio and never really had much interest in it. A friend of mine introduced me to marathon running and wow, I like it much more than I anticipated!	I exercise often but as a powerlifter I do very little cardio and never really had much interest in it. A friend of mine introduced me to marathon running and wow, I like it much more than I anticipated!	I'm glad you've found a change of pace.
5	I am so ready for my test. I studied for 5 hours striaght.  [SEP] I hope you do very well! What subject? [SEP] Thank you. It's Psychology.	Thank you. It's Psychology.	I think you will do great!
4	You know being a parent is so hard, but I feel so lucky to have my children especially in stressful times...  [SEP] I have felt that way sometimes too [SEP] when you need them the most they are there, i hope they always keep that same attitude as they get older. 	when you need them the most they are there, i hope they always keep that same attitude as they get older. 	I am trying to teach that to my children. They are stubborn
0	I can't wait to see the leaves begin to change. [SEP] I just love Fall! I'm guessing that's your favorite season? [SEP] It is, I long for it all summer.	It is, I long for it all summer.	I feel you. Watching the leaves change colors makes me feel peaceful.
7	I didn't get the promotion I work hard for at work. [SEP] Me neither, how do you feel about it? [SEP] I was pretty upset, but I will just try harder next time.	I was pretty upset, but I will just try harder next time.	me too, best of luck!
5	I have the worst headache and I yelled at my kid a few minutes ago for being so loud. I feel bad.	I have the worst headache and I yelled at my kid a few minutes ago for being so loud. I feel bad.	They are just kids, I think you should give them toys to play with and also take a pain killer
3	It was beyond difficult for me when I lost my parents.  [SEP] Yes, death is always a tough thing to deal with especially when they are close like parents. But that life and every single person on this planet will have to deal with that at some point in life. It is just the nature of life. [SEP] It's the nature for sure, but until it happens do you realize just how painful it is even years later when all you want to do is pick up the phone to ask them what they did today. 	It's the nature for sure, but until it happens do you realize just how painful it is even years later when all you want to do is pick up the phone to ask them what they did today. 	Oh, what a bad pain to carry. I hope that you are happy though. Your parents will want you to always stay happy.They are in a better place now.
7	Well I recently rescued another abused dog and I feel so protective towards her. She is so docile and she was so starved. I just want to keep her safe.	Well I recently rescued another abused dog and I feel so protective towards her. She is so docile and she was so starved. I just want to keep her safe.	I am so happy for you and the dog
2	Long time ago, we saw a driver throw a kitten out of his car window. We picked him up and brought him home. [SEP] That's so nice of you, I would have chased down the car, but you did the right thing [SEP] He was such a sweet kitten. We had him for years. He's gone now and miss him still.	He was such a sweet kitten. We had him for years. He's gone now and miss him still.	Feels bad, hope you have someone to talk about it with!
8	You remember the first time you moved out of your parents?	You remember the first time you moved out of your parents?	I sure do. I moved into a dump lol.
0	My friend had a driving test and he borrowed my car. When he returned it, the right door had scratches on it. I was so mad at him [SEP] That sucks. did he admit to doing it? [SEP] That is the problem. He did not even mention it. I noticed it myself. People can't be trusted anymore	That is the problem. He did not even mention it. I noticed it myself. People can't be trusted anymore	Yeah that's true. I don't let people borrow my car anymore. Too big of an investment
0	It's tough being picky. [SEP] Yes, I'm a picky eater. [SEP] You ever have the situation where somebody buys doughnuts for your group, and somebody else eats the last one of the only flavor you like?	You ever have the situation where somebody buys doughnuts for your group, and somebody else eats the last one of the only flavor you like?	Yes, I hate that. I usually end up going back and getting some more just for me.
0	It's been a rough day! My water heater is busted. Fortunately I got a plumber coming in that can fix it over the weekend.	It's been a rough day! My water heater is busted. Fortunately I got a plumber coming in that can fix it over the weekend.	Dang that's a definite mood killer. At least you've got a fix on the way.
7	I can't wait for the new Super Smash Brothers game to be released, it seems like a lot of fun.	I can't wait for the new Super Smash Brothers game to be released, it seems like a lot of fun.	Heck yeah! I loved that game on the n64, we used to play it all the time in college!
0	I thank God everyday for the wife I have	I thank God everyday for the wife I have	You must be taking good care of her in and out if you know what I mean
7	Looking back at my older self I've come a long way.  It's pretty amazing really, I was such a bum now I'm a real man, living on my own self-employed with my own car paying my own bills. Like waking up from a nightmare haha [SEP] Sometimes it can be difficult to get your footing when starting out. It sounds like you enjoy your life now and have something to be proud of. [SEP] Yes a lot more than back then for sure.  Still striving for better every day though	Yes a lot more than back then for sure.  Still striving for better every day though	That is all that people can expect of you, that you try to be the best you possible, each and every day.
2	I like to look back at times of my childhood.	I like to look back at times of my childhood.	Me too. I hope you have nice memories.
6	I got contacted about a new job this afternoon	I got contacted about a new job this afternoon	That is pretty good news! What kind of job is it for?
5	I used my friend's car without permission.	I used my friend's car without permission.	It is unacceptable for a friendship. I think you should not behave in such a way ever again
7	I'm leaving for college soon. I have never been so far from home alone. [SEP] How far are you going?  What school? [SEP] I am going to NYU. I got a full scholarship	I am going to NYU. I got a full scholarship	Way cool!  Congratulations!  Should be a great experience
7	Not eating doughnuts was part of my diet.	Not eating doughnuts was part of my diet.	Lol that's a really good thing to not have in a diet!
0	I get sad when I think about my parents. They have been gone for a few years now [SEP] Sorry to hear that what do you do to try and stay enlighten and happy when thinking of them? [SEP] I just have memories I guess	I just have memories I guess	I know it may be hard but they are always close to you when thinking of them through your memories and the good times.
3	i am so appreciative to be able to be open and honest with my husband and to be able to have an amazing relationship [SEP] I agree! I'm in a long distance relationship, but we've developed so much trust over the 7 years we've been together that I never worry about what she's doing or who she's with, and neither does she worry about me. We've slowly built up our communication over the years. I'm glad to hear that you have the same thing in yours. [SEP] we started off long distance and i moved here shortly after. now we've been together going on 6 and a half years	we started off long distance and i moved here shortly after. now we've been together going on 6 and a half years	You guys sound a lot like us. Glad to see that long distance can work for a change. It takes strong, honest, communicative people. It gets a bad reputation sometimes, when it shouldn't. I hope we end up like you guys and can end the long distance thing soon, though. Gets a little stale.
5	Every single thanksgiving, I eat alone. [SEP] Really? That's one of the saddest things I've heard in a while. I'm sorry to hear that. What happened to your family, if you don't mind me asking? [SEP] They all died when i was much younger.	They all died when i was much younger.	I am terribly sorry to hear that. You've got to be really resilient to deal with that. Maybe you could volunteer at a soup kitchen during Thanksgiving so you could have a chance to be around others?
5	My ex and I went to Branson a few weeks ago. It was so much fun! [SEP] i have never gone. was it really that much fun going with an ex though? [SEP] well we broke up afterwards lol. But the trip was still fun. There are some cool things to do there depending on where you live. 	well we broke up afterwards lol. But the trip was still fun. There are some cool things to do there depending on where you live. 	maybe i will check it out. i have heard good things about Branson
3	i was crushed when i didnt get the weekend off	i was crushed when i didnt get the weekend off	Now that's just not right! Weekends are supposed to be for relaxing and hanging out with friends, not slaving away for the man! Hopefully you didn't have to cancel any plans...
0	I made an authentic peruvian dish the other day. it was awesome!  [SEP] I love peruvian food! What did you make? [SEP] I made lomo saltado ( i hope i spelled that right lol ) it turned out great. i love south american food  [SEP] That green sauce with the cilantro and the jalepenos is the best! What is lomo? [SEP] Its steak strips, with ajis onions peppers tomatoes.. almost like a stir fry but better! 	Its steak strips, with ajis onions peppers tomatoes.. almost like a stir fry but better! 	Yum! I have all the ingredients for the chicken, I might make that now instead of the bbq chicken, thanks for the idea. 
2	Wow what an absolutely amazing day! [SEP] Why is it a great day? [SEP] My mother got me a new puppy, his names Jim. [SEP] What type of dog is it? [SEP] A blue eyed husky, he's so jumpy and active.	A blue eyed husky, he's so jumpy and active.	Wow, that is so cute, I hope he gets trained quickly!
4	I just got some crushing news. I just got a call to tell me I did not get the job I really wanted.	I just got some crushing news. I just got a call to tell me I did not get the job I really wanted.	Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that! 
5	My friend is moving away, I am going to miss her so much. I can't help but cry a little when I think about it. [SEP] Aw sorry to hear that...why is she moving [SEP] A new job offer so I don't blame her	A new job offer so I don't blame her	nice well if you keep in touch everyday maybe it won't feel so far
3	I left work early today and feel a little bad about it. I was really sick and now I know I'll have to play catch up later today when I go back.	I left work early today and feel a little bad about it. I was really sick and now I know I'll have to play catch up later today when I go back.	Oh, you shouldn't feel bad! Everyone gets sick every once in a while and I would hope that your boss and coworkers were very understanding of your needs. It is important to take care of yourself.
2	I can't wait for Halloween this year. I have so many ideas! I don't even know where to begin. [SEP] Yes! I love Halloween. I need to start making plans myself. [SEP] I know it's kind of early, but yeah, I'm already planning it out! I have a three year old now too, so he's finally old enough to actually realize what's going on and enjoy it as much as me.	I know it's kind of early, but yeah, I'm already planning it out! I have a three year old now too, so he's finally old enough to actually realize what's going on and enjoy it as much as me.	That's awesome, I hope he enjoys it too!
4	Back in 2013 I won an NCAA bracket challenge online through a local restaurant. The payout was $1,000 cash. I was really excited...felt great. [SEP] Wow... That is exciting. Congratulations! I also won my fantasy football league this year and won $300 as well. [SEP] That's awesome, I haven't played fantasy sports for a few years......the dudes I used to play with have moved on and unfortunately one guy, one of my best friends died of cancer.....it sucked.	That's awesome, I haven't played fantasy sports for a few years......the dudes I used to play with have moved on and unfortunately one guy, one of my best friends died of cancer.....it sucked.	I'm sorry to hear you lost your best friend.
7	I am so proud of myself for winning a medal at the track meet we had last year. 	I am so proud of myself for winning a medal at the track meet we had last year. 	Congratulations. I never payed any sports.
7	I went to a newly opened candy store near me for the first time. It brought back waves of childhood memories	I went to a newly opened candy store near me for the first time. It brought back waves of childhood memories	Oh that's good. You will make some good money while having a good time remembering childhood
2	My brother got hit with a DUI the other night. His wife said that was the last straw, as she was tired of his drinking. She kicked him out and now he's living with me. I feel so terrible for everyone involved, especially because they have two kids [SEP] sorry to hear that, my brother has a drinking problem too, and has kids, i love him but at this point we are more focused on the kids , i tell him if you get locked up who is gonna raise the girls , of course we are but still they need a father  [SEP] Yeah, and you can never turn your back on family, even if they completely complicate your life.. It's a no-win situation. The kids probably prefer to stay in the original situation, even though it's not healthy and safe, because they just don't understand.. just a big head ache. I'll do what I can, but who knows how much that will be.	Yeah, and you can never turn your back on family, even if they completely complicate your life.. It's a no-win situation. The kids probably prefer to stay in the original situation, even though it's not healthy and safe, because they just don't understand.. just a big head ache. I'll do what I can, but who knows how much that will be.	all you can do is stay positive , all we can hope is our brothers will one day wake up before its to late 
5	I've been pet sitting for my mom while she is on vacation, and I've gotten close with one of her cats. She's just the sweetest little thing! [SEP] That's so great! What type of cat is it? [SEP] She is a Russian Blue, so she has this beautiful blue-grey fur. She is very friendly, and part of me wants to just take her home with me!	She is a Russian Blue, so she has this beautiful blue-grey fur. She is very friendly, and part of me wants to just take her home with me!	That's amazing! Maybe you can plan to see her more often?
3	a while back when my girl friend left me  i was a little bummed out about it for a while , everything was different for me	a while back when my girl friend left me  i was a little bummed out about it for a while , everything was different for me	That's not cool, I hope you find someone new.
3	I bought a new video came console online! I can't wait, I'm checking the tracking info all day long for updates. [SEP] It is so hard to wait.  What console did you get? [SEP] The new PlayStation. I can't wait to play some Black Ops. 	The new PlayStation. I can't wait to play some Black Ops. 	That is so awesome.  I hope it gets there before this weekend so you can binge it!
4	i was really banking on getting this job last week that i applied for [SEP] Oh, did you end up getting it? [SEP] i dont think so, really sad i didnt i was so hoping for it	i dont think so, really sad i didnt i was so hoping for it	I'm sorry, it's their loss.
5	My favorite restaurant closed down. I'd go so often after work	My favorite restaurant closed down. I'd go so often after work	I'm sorry to hear that. Maybe you can find a similar place around you!
3	I have just eaten a whole packet of cookies [SEP] wow, they must be really tasty for you to have done that [SEP] No - I'm just lacking any kind of wilpower to stop!	No - I'm just lacking any kind of wilpower to stop!	You will be fine buddy. Type therapy for stoping cookie addiction on youtube, I am sure you will find something helpful there
0	I Think my husband is cheating but I'm scared to investigate.	I Think my husband is cheating but I'm scared to investigate.	Investigate that right now! You need to know
2	I trusted my brother would pay back the loan I gave him [SEP] Sometimes it can get tricky when family and money are involved. Did he pay you back? [SEP] He is in the process but he is definitely behind our agreed upon payback schedule	He is in the process but he is definitely behind our agreed upon payback schedule	Oh man! I hope it all works out for you. 
1	"I really needed some help to get ready for my Moms birthday. I was so thankful that my nieces came to the rescue. [SEP] Thats so good of them [SEP] They are good kids. I didn't even have to ask, they just showed up ready to help.	They are good kids. I didn't even have to ask, they just showed up ready to help.	Thats nice of them
2	cant wait for my new ceiling fan to get here, it was expensive [SEP] Is your current ceiling fan broken? [SEP] no i just bought a house so ripped out the old one for a more contemporary look	no i just bought a house so ripped out the old one for a more contemporary look	Nice, I hope you enjoy it.   Grats on the house too.
7	I am so happy!  I won a medal this week.. gold!	I am so happy!  I won a medal this week.. gold!	Wow. My hearty congratulations to you!
6	I am so embarrassed at Trump.	I am so embarrassed at Trump.	I understand a lot of people have issues with him.  What makes you embarrassed?
0	I remember when my mom used to make me brownies. [SEP] That should be delicious. [SEP] I miss those times.  Those were the days.	I miss those times.  Those were the days.	I understand. I have sometimes the same feeling.
8	I got my associate's degree last year.  I had to get an A on my last final exam to get an A in my last class. [SEP] Wow, that must have been pretty challenging. Where you able to do it? [SEP] Nope!  I got a very sad B after three days of intense waiting.  LOL.	Nope!  I got a very sad B after three days of intense waiting.  LOL.	Oh man, that's brutal. So close, but so far.
5	Love isn’t fair sometimes.  You know what I mean? [SEP] Oh, I know for sure. There are no rules to follow.  [SEP] This girl at work and I have perfect chemistry and we always seem to hit it off.  Well I just found out that she has a boyfriend.  So not fair.  	This girl at work and I have perfect chemistry and we always seem to hit it off.  Well I just found out that she has a boyfriend.  So not fair.  	Ugh. Maybe you can wait out that relationshio.
3	I was really mad with my housemate last night. She got in really late and made loads of noise	I was really mad with my housemate last night. She got in really late and made loads of noise	Oh that can be annoying! I guess in her defence it was a Saturday night? But still, it doesn't take much effort to try to keep the noise down even if you do get in late! I hope you were able to sleep okay. 
5	gave her a task she did not fulfil  [SEP] What? [SEP] i gave a subordinate a project but she blatanatly declined	i gave a subordinate a project but she blatanatly declined	Maybe she has too much on her plate?
3	So my neighbor who is elderly has an above ground swimming pool. It's tilting because it wasn't put together properly. It was getting very unsafe [SEP] Oh no! That's awful. That could be dangerous too! [SEP] Yes indeed. I stepped in to help not really knowing what  I was doing. I screwed up at first a bunch but after all day working on it, I got it fixed! [SEP] I bet your neighbor was very appreciative of all of your help. That would have been a daunting task for the elderly neighbor. [SEP] Yeah I just didn't want her or her grandkids to hurt themselves. The pool is very important to them.	Yeah I just didn't want her or her grandkids to hurt themselves. The pool is very important to them.	O,h grandparents are the best at spoiling grandchildren! I could understand that being important to her.
5	I let out a moist, warm fart today in front of all of my co-workers today. [SEP] You must be very comfortable in your office! How did they react? [SEP] Some ran away in terror. Others in disgust. I think I sent one to the ER even. At any rate, I was mortified and I am sure I won't ever live this tragedy down.	Some ran away in terror. Others in disgust. I think I sent one to the ER even. At any rate, I was mortified and I am sure I won't ever live this tragedy down.	I am sorry that you now live in infamy. Maybe, with time, they can learn to forgive you.
4	Yesterday I went to the doctor  and had to get a shot. [SEP] What is your health issue? [SEP] I am having shoulder pain from an injury 7-8 years ago.  He decided I should have a cortisone shot.	I am having shoulder pain from an injury 7-8 years ago.  He decided I should have a cortisone shot.	Sorry to hear that. I have same issues with my knees.
0	I had to try to start my old broken lawn mower today and it wouldn't start, it made me VERY angry about my nice one being stolen [SEP] I'd be mad too! Do you have any idea who could have stolen it? [SEP] No, but I couldn't believe it because although I am in a bad city..I have a fenced in yard..and they would've had to JUMP the fence and carry it over..and I have some BIG mean dogs that everyone is scared of..So it had to be someone who didn't know about my dogs...But I have a security light too..I haven't seen it at any pawn shops or for sale anywhere..it's been months..But boy do THIEVES make me SO ANGRY! I work HARD to have stuff and they just TAKE it!	No, but I couldn't believe it because although I am in a bad city..I have a fenced in yard..and they would've had to JUMP the fence and carry it over..and I have some BIG mean dogs that everyone is scared of..So it had to be someone who didn't know about my dogs...But I have a security light too..I haven't seen it at any pawn shops or for sale anywhere..it's been months..But boy do THIEVES make me SO ANGRY! I work HARD to have stuff and they just TAKE it!	That's terrible. Well you know what they say about karma, they'll get theirs eventually.
5	Woof I am having a hard time as of late. I've been waiting on an acceptance into a video production program and it's driving me up the wall. [SEP] Oh, that must be nerve-wracking!  [SEP] It is. A lot of self doubt has crept into my head as of late and I'm trying to fight it off.	It is. A lot of self doubt has crept into my head as of late and I'm trying to fight it off.	Patience isn't always a virtue that I am good with either. You should feel confident in your work!
8	After long time i played soccer.  Am so bad at it now, i used to be good	After long time i played soccer.  Am so bad at it now, i used to be good	Sometimes that happens when you take a break from something for too long, but with some practice you might be able to pick it back up again
4	I am so angry I didn't win my school election. [SEP] Oh that sucks. What role were you applying for? [SEP] I was going for president.	I was going for president.	Cool, sorry to hear that you didn't get it.
6	I was happy to see my aunt at Christmas. I had not seen her in a long time	I was happy to see my aunt at Christmas. I had not seen her in a long time	That's awesome. Are you and your aunt close?
7	I'm in no hurry to move out of my parents house. [SEP] I don't blame you. I would be trying to avoid bills too. [SEP] Plus my moms my bestfriend so its a win win situation.	Plus my moms my bestfriend so its a win win situation.	It is always good to have a pleasant relationship with your parents.
8	I fell into a puddle while I was walking yesterday. 	I fell into a puddle while I was walking yesterday. 	Oh no.. I hope you was not hurt
8	I can feel a cold sore coming on on my lip! Quite a frustrating thing before a big job interview I have!	I can feel a cold sore coming on on my lip! Quite a frustrating thing before a big job interview I have!	I hate when those come around
7	I can't believe my luck! I won $250 on a $1 scratch off ticket. I really needed that money too! [SEP] Wow! That never happens! You must have been so excited!  [SEP] Man, was I!  I had to keep looking at it to make sure it was real!	Man, was I!  I had to keep looking at it to make sure it was real!	I would have bought more tickets hoping I was having good luck after that! 
1	I was so happy today. I woke up early and ate a good breakfast then went in for my test and I know i passed it !	I was so happy today. I woke up early and ate a good breakfast then went in for my test and I know i passed it !	Great news! You must be feeling pretty good today.
7	I have a sales meeting tomorrow. I think I knew what to expect to. [SEP] Are you looking forward to it or nah? [SEP] I think I am going to do well so yes	I think I am going to do well so yes	Well good. Then good luck tomorrow and knock 'em dead!
4	i just feel lost	i just feel lost	Oh, no. I'm sorry you feel lost!
4	I trusted my brother in law with my dog and messed up. [SEP] what happened?  [SEP] he went missing.	he went missing.	im sorry :( how long has he been missing for? 
6	i was crushed when i  didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i  didnt get the day off	Oh man! What did you want to do with it?
0	I hate having to wake up early to go to classes. [SEP] Do you get enough sleep at night? Try getting to bed earlier at night [SEP] I just like getting to stay up late and still get enough sleep.	I just like getting to stay up late and still get enough sleep.	It's hard for me to wake up early. I have to cut my cellphone usage down or I'll be up all night looking at youtube! 
2	Hi, I went to a park and I set on a bench. I didn't notice that my wallet felt. A man came to me from behind giving me back my wallet.	Hi, I went to a park and I set on a bench. I didn't notice that my wallet felt. A man came to me from behind giving me back my wallet.	Thats a sweet man, I hope you acknowledged his kind gesture. 
0	I'll be getting a promotion in the new year. [SEP] Congratulations! Does it come with a raise? [SEP] Yes, about 25%.	Yes, about 25%.	Woah, that's incredible! You deserved it :)
3	i knew i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog [SEP] What happened did he hurt your dog?  [SEP] he got out of the back yard and ran away	he got out of the back yard and ran away	Wow ave you put up signs for lost dog hopefully someone will bring him back home to you.
5	My Aunt sent me a parcel the otehr day - when I opened it it was full of candy and chocolate! [SEP] What a lovely aunt. You must be her favorite nephew or niece [SEP] Do you know what? We're actually not that close.	Do you know what? We're actually not that close.	Maybe she tried to bring some warm strings in relationship with you
6	My dad didn't invite me to his wedding, talk about an all time low. [SEP] So you guys probably don't get along very well? [SEP] We haven't talked in awhile but I think that's because of his soon to be wife. I've never felt so alone without my family.	We haven't talked in awhile but I think that's because of his soon to be wife. I've never felt so alone without my family.	Does the wife hate you?
0	I was watching my niece the other day, and seeing her playing made me miss my days of youth as well.	I was watching my niece the other day, and seeing her playing made me miss my days of youth as well.	Yeah I know what you mean, those days were the best
1	I got approved for a scholarship for college that I had been competing for for many months!	I got approved for a scholarship for college that I had been competing for for many months!	Nice! I wish I was more active in searching for scholarships like it sounds like you are. But this one sounds like it was a lot of hard work to earn. I haven't been the smartest about lightening the student loan debt burden while in school. Good on you for looking ahead.
5	It irritates me when my roommate doesn't clean up after himself [SEP] I hate that too! Do you make him clean it up? [SEP] I say something and he just gets all grumbly and then it's uncomforatable.	I say something and he just gets all grumbly and then it's uncomforatable.	That's a tough situation to be in. I would just take all his belongings to the dump and be done with it. Maybe he can stay there too.
8	I'd been having computer problems for quite a while. Finally I decided to take my computer into a shop. I was shocked at how quickly and fast the tech fixed the computer and had it working like new. [SEP] I agree, these shop mechanics can be extremely knowledgeable when it comes to computers. [SEP] Yeah sometimes they really are. A lot of my past experiences have been negative though.	Yeah sometimes they really are. A lot of my past experiences have been negative though.	yea but at least now you have found a good, trustworthy place.
7	I'm having a baby next week... I think I am ready!	I'm having a baby next week... I think I am ready!	Oh congratulations! That's wonderful news.
2	I am working parent who also goes to school. It can be tough [SEP] I can imagine so! I bet you are one tired person when you hit the bed at night! [SEP] I am. But this is the first semester that all of the kids will be at school in the day time. I am going to kill it this semester	I am. But this is the first semester that all of the kids will be at school in the day time. I am going to kill it this semester	I hope you do! I really wish you the best.
6	I love the Dallas Cowboys!	I love the Dallas Cowboys!	What do you love about football season? (They're football right?)
6	I am angry because I didn't get served when it was my turn [SEP] What were you expected to be served? [SEP] chicken breast and some fries	chicken breast and some fries	So how did you handle it?
5	The store was all sold out of the new book I wanted. 	The store was all sold out of the new book I wanted. 	Oh no! You should have preordered it online!
6	I was really upset at work today	I was really upset at work today	What happened?
5	My pizza got delivered and it's cold. [SEP] that sucks!! you should have been really annoyed with the delivery boy! [SEP] I am.  It makes me so upset!	I am.  It makes me so upset!	Yeah!! you should refused to take the pizza and returned it
7	I recently got a new job in a city three hours away in an industry that I've never worked in yet. I'm a bit nervous, but at the same time I'm excited. [SEP] Congratulations, I'm sure you will do great.  it's always nerve-racking the first day of work! [SEP] Thanks for confidence. Yeah, it's all overwhelming. The new job in a new industry and the move away from the town I grew up in. But I'm ready to take it head on!	Thanks for confidence. Yeah, it's all overwhelming. The new job in a new industry and the move away from the town I grew up in. But I'm ready to take it head on!	Good luck, and have fun.  The money will just be a bonus!
0	I can't get myself to sell my grandpa's old Cadillac.  [SEP] Feeling sentimental much? [SEP] I suppose so. It holds a special place in my heart even though its so old.	I suppose so. It holds a special place in my heart even though its so old.	I know how you feel.  I've got old rifles from both of my grand fathers... along with some WW II bring backs.  I don't think I could sell them.
4	My cat sat on my bag right after she came out of her litter box, gross	My cat sat on my bag right after she came out of her litter box, gross	I'm sorry, but that made me laugh a little bit. I've never been able to get into the idea of cats as pets just because they're so independent and determined to do whatever the want. Doesn't seem like they can listen to any direction you try to give them.
4	I'm nervous about the last half of the year. I've been having rough financial times. They'll get better in February, but it's a long time till then.	I'm nervous about the last half of the year. I've been having rough financial times. They'll get better in February, but it's a long time till then.	I am sorry to hear that. I am sure you be fine.
7	it was shocking to see Lebron leave the cavs again [SEP] I know right, now he's a Laker. [SEP] yea .. hopefully he can stop the warriors	yea .. hopefully he can stop the warriors	I hate the Warriors!
1	At work, while standing up, my pants teared in the back. I didn't know what to do.	At work, while standing up, my pants teared in the back. I didn't know what to do.	Oh no! That is so sad for you.  How embarrassing. 
1	I recently lost some weight and now when I dress up I feel more confident.	I recently lost some weight and now when I dress up I feel more confident.	That's awesome! You must be feeling more alive and well
1	My first dog died a year ago. He was only 4 years old. [SEP] I am sorry for your loss. How did he die if you don't mind me asking? [SEP] He had to have surgery because he ate something he shouldn't and it got caught. They told us he only had a 5% chance of survival and even then he would be in a lot of pain for a long time. We put him down to keep him out of pain.	He had to have surgery because he ate something he shouldn't and it got caught. They told us he only had a 5% chance of survival and even then he would be in a lot of pain for a long time. We put him down to keep him out of pain.	That's terrible... At least you tried to save him.
7	I'm feeling positive about the newborn we have here and that he will make it! 	I'm feeling positive about the newborn we have here and that he will make it! 	Congratulations! I'm sure everything will be fine!
7	I lived with this girl once and I trusted her. Found out I never should have. [SEP] Oh, sorry to hear that man. Yeah girls are hard to trust these days. What's up with that? [SEP] I thought she was going through my stuff. So I set up a trap to find out for sure [SEP] You did? Wow! What did it reveal? [SEP] That she was going through my stuff. I wrote a letter and place a piece of hair in it. Then had a guy write my name on it. When I checked hair was gone so I knew she had read it.	That she was going through my stuff. I wrote a letter and place a piece of hair in it. Then had a guy write my name on it. When I checked hair was gone so I knew she had read it.	Wow! Good riddens to her! Haha
4	I was upset when my parents told me we would be moving, we went all the way to florida	I was upset when my parents told me we would be moving, we went all the way to florida	Oh sorry to hear that.. Don't you like florida?
8	It's going to be a great day today. he sun is shining here. [SEP] Im jealous! That must have put you in a good mood. Its cloudy and rainy over this way.  [SEP] Oh dear. I hope it get's better for you	Oh dear. I hope it get's better for you	I stay optimistic. You seem motivated or excited for some reason.
4	I had to fly the other day and i was so scared.	I had to fly the other day and i was so scared.	Oh, I am sorry!  Did it turn out OK?
7	it was impressive to see the lakers get lebron a few weeks ago [SEP] Yes I agree! Do you think he'll help them win some games? [SEP] i hope so.. or at least stop the warriors and let someone else win	i hope so.. or at least stop the warriors and let someone else win	Yes, good point. It's probably best that way.
3	Right before going into work, I spilled my drink all over my pants. Looks like I peed! [SEP] Oh man I hate when that happens...did you dry it off or change to a new pair? [SEP] I didn't have a new pair on me, so I had to work the first few hours and do my best to hide it!	I didn't have a new pair on me, so I had to work the first few hours and do my best to hide it!	Dang that sucks.  You should check out the brand Mizzen and Main, I heard it on a Tim Ferriss podcast once...dress shirts and pants that wick away moisture like underarmour
1	I got my mom some temporary teeth. [SEP] Temporary teeth? How long do those last? [SEP] A long time. Moldable plastic with no dangerous chemicals. It's quite interesting. It's not expensive to get a big bag of it. It is insanely expensive to get one tooth put in, so this should help her until then. [SEP] Ah yeah, that was a pretty good idea then. Hopefully she can get some permanent ones soon! [SEP] $800 bucks a tooth...From a car accident- Car insurance...FULL coverage does not cover that...it's insane.	$800 bucks a tooth...From a car accident- Car insurance...FULL coverage does not cover that...it's insane.	Yikes. That is incredibly expensive for one tooth.
0	It's been awhile now, but I vividly remember being let go from my job where I'd worked (and sweated and bled) for 11 years.  They claimed it was due to downsizing. [SEP] That's really hard!  I'm sure that was disappointing after putting in so many years.  Sorry. [SEP] It was, but honestly it was the best thing for my family.  I had just told them that I was pregnant with my 2nd child and I truly think they did not want to share me with the family I was creating.	It was, but honestly it was the best thing for my family.  I had just told them that I was pregnant with my 2nd child and I truly think they did not want to share me with the family I was creating.	Wow.  Well, if that was the culture and climate of that workplace, you are definitely better off not working for them.  Very sad.
2	I am plannin gon asking this girl out and i am so nervous. [SEP] I'm sure she'll be flattered if you're honest about how you're feeling! [SEP] Thanks! I think she knows but i have been shy for some reason. Im not the best at it.	Thanks! I think she knows but i have been shy for some reason. Im not the best at it.	I see, I hope it goes well for you!
0	I once ran out of gas in my car while traveling across state. I had no idea where I was at the time. It was pretty scary.	I once ran out of gas in my car while traveling across state. I had no idea where I was at the time. It was pretty scary.	I've done that before.. it gets super dark on the highways and you don't realize it till you don't have any lights shining.
4	I didn't got accepted in the college I applied to	I didn't got accepted in the college I applied to	Oh I'm sorry. That must suck. Any second choice?
2	We're waiting to see what size my husband's bonus will be.  This is the first year he's eligible for anything bigger than a Starbucks gift card lol	We're waiting to see what size my husband's bonus will be.  This is the first year he's eligible for anything bigger than a Starbucks gift card lol	I hope it's a lot more than just a gift card but at least Starbucks should be a lot of money because it's so expensive there!
7	I baked my favorite food last night -- brownies!	I baked my favorite food last night -- brownies!	That sounds good. I wish I could have some!
5	I'm so afraid about my sister's illness. What will we do? [SEP] That is gross. Did you find out who left it there? [SEP] Left what? [SEP] The old tuna sandwich. [SEP] Oh. No, nobody yet. [SEP] Well hopefully you threw it out. [SEP] but it seems so yummy!	but it seems so yummy!	Maybe it tasted good as well.
0	My nextdoor neighbor is getting dementia. [SEP] I am so sorry to hear that. Who is taking care of your neighbor? [SEP] Her family.. sort of... but not really..	Her family.. sort of... but not really..	That's really sad. Not being able to even know what's going on anymore.
5	I have been wondering how it feels to be without someone	I have been wondering how it feels to be without someone	It must feel lonely, for sure, but maybe they cope with it in different ways.
2	I studied hard for the test. I am quite sure that I will get every question correct. [SEP] You must have been really prepared to be so certain of achieving a perfect score! [SEP] Yes i am. I studied really hard 	Yes i am. I studied really hard 	I hope you do get that perfect score, you deserve it after all!
1	I broke my wife's phone. I blamed it on my dog!!	I broke my wife's phone. I blamed it on my dog!!	HAHA thats brilliant, I would have done the exact same thing.
1	it seems like every other family in my daughter's class lives in a mansion.	it seems like every other family in my daughter's class lives in a mansion.	It must be nice to be rich
7	I have a final exam for my Economics class tomorrow. I had been studying the whole past week and am ready to ace it	I have a final exam for my Economics class tomorrow. I had been studying the whole past week and am ready to ace it	Good luck! Hard work always pays off. 
5	I got angry with my superior. [SEP] What was the reason? [SEP] He misunderstood and shouted at me. Actually there is no mistake in my side.	He misunderstood and shouted at me. Actually there is no mistake in my side.	Maybe you should try to speak with him again after things calm down.
2	I amde enough money lately that i feel comfortable and ready to take on anything! [SEP] Wow I envy you. That sounds like a wonderful feeling! [SEP] You will get there too! I just know my future will hold good things.	You will get there too! I just know my future will hold good things.	Thank you! I hope to feel that content someday!
6	I finally finished my PhD thesis. I have worked for 3 years on it!	I finally finished my PhD thesis. I have worked for 3 years on it!	Oh wow! Congrats, I know the process my husband did one. What is your on?
8	I stole 5 dollars when i was kid!!	I stole 5 dollars when i was kid!!	I think we all did lol
3	I was envious last weekend over a friend. They bought a new home [SEP] Oh was it a nice house? [SEP] Its a very nice house	Its a very nice house	That's good for them then.  I hope you get to buy a new home too.
2	Last month I found out my son decided to drop out of college without telling me.	Last month I found out my son decided to drop out of college without telling me.	Oh no that sounds terrible. Hopefully it's not as bad as some of those stories I have read about where they go so far that they fake having the degree.
5	All the family members of my house left to visit grandma. No one is home with me. [SEP] Why didn't you go [SEP] I had work and couldn't get the time off. Now it's just me and the four walls. [SEP] Or it could be you and a dope house party [SEP] Ah now you are giving me ideas. Thank you.	Ah now you are giving me ideas. Thank you.	Or it could be you and a dope house party
4	When I was at gym, my pants has torn from behind. I felt bad about it. [SEP] Oh wow that sucks! Hope it wasn't too embarassing! [SEP] It was very embarassing. There was people looking at me and other laughing at me.	It was very embarassing. There was people looking at me and other laughing at me.	Oh wow I'm sorry! That's not cool, they would be hurt if people were laughing at them
4	My finances are not the greatest lately and I've been so worried. I haven't been sleeping due to stressing about this situation.	My finances are not the greatest lately and I've been so worried. I haven't been sleeping due to stressing about this situation.	I am sorry to hear that, I hope things turn around for you soon!
8	I got approved for a scholarship for college that I had been competing for for many months! [SEP] Nice! I wish I was more active in searching for scholarships like it sounds like you are. But this one sounds like it was a lot of hard work to earn. I haven't been the smartest about lightening the student loan debt burden while in school. Good on you for looking ahead. [SEP] I agree, I wanted to attend a higher ranking school but they didn't give me any scholarship so I decided not to accept their offer. 	I agree, I wanted to attend a higher ranking school but they didn't give me any scholarship so I decided not to accept their offer. 	Sometimes compromises have to be made. But I have to say, I'm impressed that you were that self-aware about the entire process, especially as a somewhat new adult. Good for you for considering all the options and making the choice you felt was best. You sound like you'll be successful after college, especially because of how hard-working you are.
7	So during my last employer, they decided to give us a raise and then lay us off! Isnt that crazy 	So during my last employer, they decided to give us a raise and then lay us off! Isnt that crazy 	Well, I don't see the point in that.
0	I just celebrated my 35th wedding anniversary and I have never been happier in my marriage! [SEP] That is amazing!  So many people do not stay married these days, you should be proud of that accomplishment! [SEP] I am,  but I have to attribute most of it to my wife putting up with me for so long.  She is a saint!	I am,  but I have to attribute most of it to my wife putting up with me for so long.  She is a saint!	It's 100% for both of you!  It takes two to tango you know - Congrats on 35 years!
0	I'm jealous with people who have a washer and dryer. Going to the laundromat stinks!	I'm jealous with people who have a washer and dryer. Going to the laundromat stinks!	I know. I just went yesterday!
2	I am looking forward to a good match today. I have worked hard [SEP] That is good, so you must have prepared well for it. [SEP] yes I have and I am anticipation to wait the trophy 	yes I have and I am anticipation to wait the trophy 	I hope it goes well for you. Hard work tends to pay off!
1	I am looking forward to my wedding date! Of course you are also invited! :)  [SEP] Oh that is definitely something to be excited about! [SEP] Yes it sure is, I have know Chris since we were 5 years old. I can not believe we have finally come this far and are getting married! 	Yes it sure is, I have know Chris since we were 5 years old. I can not believe we have finally come this far and are getting married! 	That is quite unique. I'm happy to hear that!
0	Halloween is scary stuff that's for sure. [SEP] Do little kids dressed as witches and ghosts frighten you? [SEP] No we went to a haunted house and I got chased often.	No we went to a haunted house and I got chased often.	That's understandable. I've always been too scared to go to a haunted house. I get spooked easily.
8	I applied for an internship with a law office [SEP] Very nice! I bet your more than excited about it! [SEP] I am actually terrified. They probably laughed at my application	I am actually terrified. They probably laughed at my application	Oh no! Dont be anxious or worried! I'm sure you did good on the application. 
4	There was an important meeting today at work and on the way there my tire popped and by the time I got there, it was over	There was an important meeting today at work and on the way there my tire popped and by the time I got there, it was over	Sorry to hear that. That is bad. What your manager did say about it?
1	Jesus will come home and save us all one day. [SEP] Yes he will.  [SEP] He is the only reason i wake up in the mornings.	He is the only reason i wake up in the mornings.	He's a beautiful reason to get up
5	I wish I was born wealthy. I have to give up spending time with my family to get more hours at work in. [SEP] I'm sorry, that's life for most of us, though. [SEP] Yes, it definitely is. Gotta work with what ya got.	Yes, it definitely is. Gotta work with what ya got.	Maybe you'll hit the lottery one day!
8	I'm so made at George Lucas. How could he think something like the Phantom Menace would be a good idea for a movie! [SEP] it made him a ton of money so i think thats all that mattered to him at that point cause i agree it was crap. [SEP] I don't know I like to think he is better than that. 	I don't know I like to think he is better than that. 	that was back then when he was trying to do something great, the drive isnt there when you have already done it
3	Its storming really badly herer and there were branches blown onto the street when I was driving home.	Its storming really badly herer and there were branches blown onto the street when I was driving home.	That doesnt sound very safe.  I hope you dont lose power
4	I was sad when my aunt died. It came out of no where [SEP] Sorry to hear that. How did she pass? [SEP] She had a heart attack	She had a heart attack	Man, very sorry to hear that. First your mom, now your aunt. Sounds like you have very unfortunate relatives.
2	I had a really fun get together tonight with all of my coworkers and my boss. The night went fantastic! I'm feeling very happy and optimistic about life right now. [SEP] That's great! It's such a good feeling working with people you actually like.. [SEP] I couldn't agree more. All of my coworkers feel like family to me. So it was a very relaxing and enjoyable get together.	I couldn't agree more. All of my coworkers feel like family to me. So it was a very relaxing and enjoyable get together.	I hope you have more nights like it!
6	"I knew i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog! [SEP] What did he do? [SEP] he left the gate open and my dog ran away	he left the gate open and my dog ran away	That's too bad, did you at least find your dog?
2	I spilled a drink all over my lap and had to go out in public like that, talk about wanting to hide in a cave. 	I spilled a drink all over my lap and had to go out in public like that, talk about wanting to hide in a cave. 	Oh no!! I hope it wasn't coffee! Yes that is pretty embarrassing. People probably thought you peed your pants.
0	I found an old shirt of my dad's in a box that I had stored for years.  It really brought back some good memories. [SEP] Something dear and sentimental you should wear it sometimes on special occasions.  [SEP] I think I will.  It still has a slight scent of the Gray Flannel cologne he used to wear.  I miss him.	I think I will.  It still has a slight scent of the Gray Flannel cologne he used to wear.  I miss him.	That is even better I know how you feel I lost my grand pa and he was everything to me I miss him dearly. 
2	A few days ago I took my personal training certification test. I really thought I did horribly, but today I got my results in the mail and I scored a 98%! [SEP] wow thats a great score! [SEP] Thanks. I'm so stoked! I guess I shouldn't doubt myself; I did study pretty hard.	Thanks. I'm so stoked! I guess I shouldn't doubt myself; I did study pretty hard.	hard work pays off as they say.
1	I was so afraid when my daughter was born. She came out with the cord around her neck.  [SEP] Oh god! Did everything turn out well? [SEP] Yes luckily, the nurse scared me too because she kept saying shes not crying and she should be. 	Yes luckily, the nurse scared me too because she kept saying shes not crying and she should be. 	I would have been SO scared! I'm glad it all turned out fine though! 
0	My folks got me a brand new car today. I was so stoked and shocked that they would do such a thing! [SEP] That is amazing!  I'm so happy for you!  What kind of car did they get you? [SEP] They got me a Ford Focus! It ain't much, but I desperately needed one to get around town.	They got me a Ford Focus! It ain't much, but I desperately needed one to get around town.	Hey, a new car is a new car!  I'm dying from heat in my car since the A/C broke.  Have fun driving!
6	I was at work assigned to a project on a team. [SEP] How did that go? Do you like that?  [SEP] Well. I ended up taking someone's work and passing it off as my own.	Well. I ended up taking someone's work and passing it off as my own.	Oh no! Really? Were they upset?
4	I just heard back from my Doctor and I need surgery. [SEP] Oh no! I'm so sorry are you going to be alright? [SEP] I hope so.  I have a liver disorder that we thought was under control with medication, but my health just took a nose dive, so it is all up in the air.	I hope so.  I have a liver disorder that we thought was under control with medication, but my health just took a nose dive, so it is all up in the air.	Oh god I'm so sorry for you! I hope everything goes well
6	i was studing for a test yesterday and really trying to concentrate [SEP] How did that go? Studying is very important in order to do good.  [SEP] yea , but my girlfriend was beside be and she was flicking her fingers and nails up and down over and over against the wooden table we were at.  can you imagine this when I need perfect silence for studying	yea , but my girlfriend was beside be and she was flicking her fingers and nails up and down over and over against the wooden table we were at.  can you imagine this when I need perfect silence for studying	How annoying that could be. She could have alittle more respect for you. 
2	Man, I really enjoy playing card games. I used to play in tournaments and compete, but that was a long time ago. [SEP] I love card games also. [SEP] Nice, have you ever won any tournaments?	Nice, have you ever won any tournaments?	Yes I have won a few poker tournaments.
2	I knew as soon as I left the interview room that the job was mine. i was very secure with the answers i gave [SEP] It's great when you can be so confident after a interview. So I am guessing you got the job? [SEP] i did get the job, and i love the work i'm doing!	i did get the job, and i love the work i'm doing!	I am so glad to hear that for you. I hope this job goes really great for you for many years to come.
6	I recently got promoted at my job. It was something I had been trying to obtain for a long time.	I recently got promoted at my job. It was something I had been trying to obtain for a long time.	wow congrats, how long have you worked there?
3	There is a fly in my room and it is annoying the heck out of me!	There is a fly in my room and it is annoying the heck out of me!	You should get some bug spray. Fly's are nasty
6	Hi, I am feeling bad today.	Hi, I am feeling bad today.	COuld you explain why?
6	My wife and I just put a bid on a house we really want! We are fairly optimistic that we will get it! [SEP] Good luck! I hope it goes well for you :) [SEP] Yeah, we don't know for sure, but it looks promising!  	Yeah, we don't know for sure, but it looks promising!  	How much is the house?
2	School starting leaves the house so empty and quiet [SEP] We get really busy in the Fall with a lot of extracurricular stuff. [SEP] My kids are too little for lots of extra cirriculars. I get lonely while they are in school	My kids are too little for lots of extra cirriculars. I get lonely while they are in school	I see, well hang in there. In about 5 minutes, they'll be older.
2	My son just won a math competition in his school!	My son just won a math competition in his school!	That’s great! I bet he is ecstatic!
6	I think I threw away the safety deposit key. it's worth $500 to replace it.	I think I threw away the safety deposit key. it's worth $500 to replace it.	Oh no! Is what you have in there worth more than 500?
2	I am assured I will do very well on my exams tomorrow. I have prepared very well all night.	I am assured I will do very well on my exams tomorrow. I have prepared very well all night.	I bet you will! You seem prepared. 
7	My son came first in his English class, which is a big deal since he is Asian. [SEP] Oh that makes sense, aren't academics huge in asian culture? [SEP] You're right, thats why I am so proud of him for keeping up the family tradition. 	You're right, thats why I am so proud of him for keeping up the family tradition. 	Good to hear that he is performing so well.
4	Last week I had to put my dog to sleep.  It was really sad because I had him for 16 years. [SEP] Oh no. I am so sorry. That is so hard. My daughters cat got run over like a week after we had him. :( What was your dog's name? [SEP] Ugh that happened to me before as well with another dog.  Her name was Doodles.	Ugh that happened to me before as well with another dog.  Her name was Doodles.	Doodles. That's a cute name! I'm sorry about your dog. 16 Years sounds like a good long life.
8	I felt pretty cocky over the weekend hiking a new trail. I was not going to quit [SEP] What made you feel that way? [SEP] I just knew I had to do it, just to prove it to myself	I just knew I had to do it, just to prove it to myself	I guess just make sure not to push it, there is a fine line between confidence and pride.
2	I just celebrated my 30th birthday. My family gifted me with a cruise to Mexico with my sister. [SEP] wow that is an awesome gift!! [SEP] I couldn't believe how thoughtful it was!	I couldn't believe how thoughtful it was!	I bet you'll have a great time
8	My girlfriend dumped me last month. [SEP] i am sorry to hear that. was it a clean break? [SEP] No, it was terrible.  I hate to be all by myself.	No, it was terrible.  I hate to be all by myself.	i can understand that. it is hard at first but then it gets better. 
3	My son informed me today that he was charged with possession of drugs [SEP] Oh no, that's terrible.  Is he in legal trouble? [SEP] I suppose so. This is not how I taught to be and am so disappointed he has done this. 	I suppose so. This is not how I taught to be and am so disappointed he has done this. 	This is such a difficult thing for you to go through.  I hope he learns from this and changes his path.
3	I stole candy from the candy store yesterday. [SEP] did you feel like being spontaneous or just did it for the thrill of it [SEP] I just did it because I wanted some candy, but now I feel kinda bad about it.	I just did it because I wanted some candy, but now I feel kinda bad about it.	next time you go in, put the money of the candy into one of those charity cans
8	I had some licorice candies recently. My grandfather used to buy them for me all the time when I was little. [SEP] probably brought back some memories ? [SEP] Definitely. It made me happy and sad at the same time!	Definitely. It made me happy and sad at the same time!	well at least it brought back some good memories!
4	Sometimes my boyfriend cooks, and the food tastes pretty gross	Sometimes my boyfriend cooks, and the food tastes pretty gross	Hahahahaha.  I'm sorry for laughing, but that struck me as funny.  Is he trying his best, or is he trying to get the point across that he shouldn't be cooking?
8	I got cut off in traffic today and I almost hit someone because of it. It made me so angry! [SEP] I bet it did! [SEP] I get pretty bad road rage when my life is threatened. [SEP] That is understandable. I have to catch myself sometimes when my kids are in the car. [SEP] I hear that. It's hard sometimes.	I hear that. It's hard sometimes.	If people were just more considerate of the other people around them...
7	I have to drive an hour longer to different school to take a math course I failed twice at my main university [SEP] Ah. that sucks. Long commutes are miserable! hopefully you do better at the course this time. [SEP] Thank you! If I stayed at my main university I would have to pay as an out of state student instead of the in state pricing. Takes a toll on my finances	Thank you! If I stayed at my main university I would have to pay as an out of state student instead of the in state pricing. Takes a toll on my finances	Yea those out of state fees can be ridiculous. Best of luck to you!
3	I am nervous about monday. I have to go to the doctor again [SEP] Why are you having to go again? [SEP] I am still coughing a lot	I am still coughing a lot	Probably from the crazy weather change. I hope they figure out what is causing the cough
0	I am so sad lately.  My husband needs a lung transplant and he is only 40 years old. [SEP] Oh wow. I'm so sorry to hear that. Was this an all the sudden thing or has he been in poor health? [SEP] It has been happening gradually over a number of years he has a genetic form of COPD and has never smoked or done anything to deserve this. [SEP] It's so hard how that usually is the case. Never deserved. Is his surgery scheduled soon? [SEP] He just got put on the list for the transplant so now he has to wait until its his time. [SEP] I'm really sorry. I can't imagine what you're going through. I'll be praying that he will get his lungs ASAP and that in the meantime, you'll feel at peace. [SEP] Thank you so much! I appreciate your prayers!	Thank you so much! I appreciate your prayers!	You're welcome. :)
1	My dog had to go to the vet and it took all day. We even had an appointment.	My dog had to go to the vet and it took all day. We even had an appointment.	Oh, that's the biggest pain.  I feel like when you pay good money for care for your pet...they should at least be on time.
7	Tomorrow is my 14th year anniversary married to my wonderful husband. I can't believe it was that long ago. What a wonderful day.	Tomorrow is my 14th year anniversary married to my wonderful husband. I can't believe it was that long ago. What a wonderful day.	Congratulations! Are you having a party?
6	I wish I can get the part I want	I wish I can get the part I want	A part in what?
0	It is so wonderful to just relax at home on the couch with my family after a long day. [SEP] That is my favorite thing to do. I am sure they are glad when you are home. [SEP] Yes it is wonderful. It is like complete peace and harmony. There is nothing better!	Yes it is wonderful. It is like complete peace and harmony. There is nothing better!	You definitely deserve it.
8	I was a little unsure when I changed schools. I was not sure how it would go. [SEP] How did it go? [SEP] It went well but I did not know that going in	It went well but I did not know that going in	We all get nervous about changing our surroundings
5	Last Halloween a few kids Egged my house. [SEP] Thats super mean of them.  Did you give them bad candy? [SEP] I didnt catch them in time so I couldnt get my revenge.	I didnt catch them in time so I couldnt get my revenge.	Too bad, You couldve done something really good to them.
2	My family disowned me a few years ago. I heard that they were going on the annual family lake trip next week. Thinking about it made me really sad as I remembered all of my childhood memories on this trip. [SEP] Awe, I am sorry to hear that. Do you think there will be any chance of a reconciliation? [SEP] I don't know, I have been waiting five years and have sent many emails to my mom  but she seems too angry. I hope so one day but it seems less likely every day.  [SEP] I know it isn't my place to ask, but why did they disown you? [SEP] I ran away from home with boyfriend, when I was 16, and we had a baby. I don't regret it because we are married now and have three sons. (: I appreciate you asking, thanks.	I ran away from home with boyfriend, when I was 16, and we had a baby. I don't regret it because we are married now and have three sons. (: I appreciate you asking, thanks.	In the end, I hope she sees that you were able to make it work, and if you can and do, she should meet you half way. You are very welcome :)
4	My moms friend had a son that passed away the other day from Cystic Fibrosis. The last time I saw the friend was when she was pregnant with this child (her only child), but my mom felt we needed to appear at the viewing anyway because of the bond they did have 16 years ago (when he was born).	My moms friend had a son that passed away the other day from Cystic Fibrosis. The last time I saw the friend was when she was pregnant with this child (her only child), but my mom felt we needed to appear at the viewing anyway because of the bond they did have 16 years ago (when he was born).	I am so sorry to hear that.
0	I am very lucky to have healthy, happy children. There is so much sickness and sadness in the world today. [SEP] Health is truly a blessing! How old are your children?  [SEP] I have 4. They are 21, 19, 17, and 14. It makes me so sad to watch tv or be on the internet and see all the children living in poverty or with diseases like cancer. 	I have 4. They are 21, 19, 17, and 14. It makes me so sad to watch tv or be on the internet and see all the children living in poverty or with diseases like cancer. 	I agree. I can't imagine what it must be like to be a parent and go through that. 
8	Yesterday I bought a croissant inn the bakery and when I paid they gave me the wrong change. [SEP] Wow thats annoying.  but I hope they gave you more than you were supposed to get back [SEP] Not the worst part is that cashier insisted I had given her $10 when I was sure it was $20.	Not the worst part is that cashier insisted I had given her $10 when I was sure it was $20.	Wow thats annoying.  but I hope they gave you more than you were supposed to get back
6	My zipper was down at work all day. I will not live that down [SEP] Oh my gosh!  That must have been so embarrassing! [SEP] It was, I am still sad about it	It was, I am still sad about it	Don't worry.  I'm sure you will never make that mistake again!
5	I would like to go to a concert or show this year for my birthday	I would like to go to a concert or show this year for my birthday	You should totally go!
6	I am ready for the work week. [SEP] That's good. Anything special happening? [SEP] I have a big meeting with my boss.	I have a big meeting with my boss.	Ah, so you feel confident about it?
5	it sucked seeing my brother go to disneyworld for two weeks while im stuck at home working	it sucked seeing my brother go to disneyworld for two weeks while im stuck at home working	That would be! However I am not a big fan of theme parks. I do like vacations though! Maybe you can go next year?
0	When we moved, my grandfather gave me a lamp as a gift.  He attached a cut out of a spider to the inside of the shade.	When we moved, my grandfather gave me a lamp as a gift.  He attached a cut out of a spider to the inside of the shade.	Haha! That definitely must have scared many people that did not know what it was. That must be hilarious to watch!
0	I saw my girlfriend with another man. I was going to propose to her that day... [SEP] Oh wow! I'm really sorry to hear that. That must have been shocking. Have you broken up now? [SEP] Yes I have. I am still so devastated that I have been in bed all day.	Yes I have. I am still so devastated that I have been in bed all day.	Oh I can understand the feeling. You should take some time for yourself before you try to do much else.
0	A girl I asked out just rejected me. Feels bad man. [SEP] I know you will be great in the end. [SEP] Thanks, it was so weird because she showed signs of interest. But she gave me the Nope.	Thanks, it was so weird because she showed signs of interest. But she gave me the Nope.	People do that sometimes, and it is really sad.
1	I was pretty mad last week. My ac broke and it was so hot	I was pretty mad last week. My ac broke and it was so hot	Oh that's terrible. It's been so hot lately. I bet you struggled.
2	I was happy that I called my mom in time for her birthday this year.  I felt good about myself that I'm a good son who still keeps in touch with his mom.	I was happy that I called my mom in time for her birthday this year.  I felt good about myself that I'm a good son who still keeps in touch with his mom.	Aw, that's so nice of you! I bet she appreciated it
3	It's been a rough day! My water heater is busted. Fortunately I got a plumber coming in that can fix it over the weekend. [SEP] Dang that's a definite mood killer. At least you've got a fix on the way. [SEP] Yeah, it's rare in my area to get work done over the weekend. I'm thinking it could be done by monday, fingers crossed!	Yeah, it's rare in my area to get work done over the weekend. I'm thinking it could be done by monday, fingers crossed!	One can only hope!
2	My girlfriend got me concert tickets to see my favorite band. I had no idea she did that for me. I thought the tickets were sold out. [SEP] What band? That was very thoughtful or her.  [SEP] Phoenix. Yea she kept it a secret that she was able to get them when I failed.	Phoenix. Yea she kept it a secret that she was able to get them when I failed.	Awesome, I hope you have a great time at the concert. 
6	Once, I bought this really pretty dress to go on a date. Then the worst thing happened! [SEP] Oh no.  Did he stand you up? [SEP] No. My mom and I were hanging out sipping on red wine and I decided to try the dress on for her. That's when I tripped and spilled the wine on the front of my dress.	No. My mom and I were hanging out sipping on red wine and I decided to try the dress on for her. That's when I tripped and spilled the wine on the front of my dress.	That stinks! Were you able to get the stain out?
0	I can't wait for next Sunday [SEP] Really? The world cup right? [SEP] You know it.Just the biggest game in 4 years.	You know it.Just the biggest game in 4 years.	Of course. I played soccer growing up myself.
8	I almost stepped on a snake today. [SEP] Did the snake try to strike at you? [SEP] No he didn't. 	No he didn't. 	I'm glad you didn't get bit!
3	I had to have a scheduled c-section with my 2nd child.  But it didn't exactly go as planned.	I had to have a scheduled c-section with my 2nd child.  But it didn't exactly go as planned.	Oh no! I hope it at least turned out ok
4	My friend was going to help me do something but they ditched last week [SEP] Well that's lousy of them! What did you want them to help you with? [SEP] moving to university	moving to university	Yuck, that's stressful enough without having your friend flake on you. Sorry to hear that.
2	i really want to see what my husband and i will accomplish by the end of the year [SEP] In what areas? [SEP] financially and personally	financially and personally	I hope that you all meet and exceed your goals.  It's great to have goals to work towards.
4	My pet turtle died.	My pet turtle died.	Oh no! I am so sorry- Turtles need a lot of care to thrive
1	My friends canceled on my birthday dinner. 	My friends canceled on my birthday dinner. 	Oh no.. why would they do that
0	it was impressive when the lakers signed lebron [SEP] Yes that was an exciting moment for him and for the team as well! [SEP] me too .. i hope they stomp the warriors	me too .. i hope they stomp the warriors	I have a feeling that with Lebron on their team, they are going to do just that.
6	I went to a circus recently and was thought it was going to be boring, but it was very fun!	I went to a circus recently and was thought it was going to be boring, but it was very fun!	That sounds cool, what did the circus consist of? Did they have elephants?
0	My daughter went on a missing trip to KY and worked with a lot of small kids.  She came home with lice. [SEP] She sounds like an amazing person, but the lice is no bueno. [SEP] Yeah, I was so embarrassed by it, even though I know how she got it.  We had to tell the mission trip group leader so that they could notify the rest of the group.  Overall 8 of the 10 girls that went got it.	Yeah, I was so embarrassed by it, even though I know how she got it.  We had to tell the mission trip group leader so that they could notify the rest of the group.  Overall 8 of the 10 girls that went got it.	Oh wow. I didn't know it could spread like that.
7	My coworkers threw me a welcome-back party when I returned from maternity leave.  [SEP] That is so nice!  Did you get lots of presents? [SEP] Yes, they got me a coffee mug and some baby clothes. It was a nice surprise! 	Yes, they got me a coffee mug and some baby clothes. It was a nice surprise! 	So fun.  Did you have your baby? Congratulations on your pregnancy!
1	I got stuck working late last night, but my fiancee came by and dropped off some dinner for me.  [SEP] That was sweet. Did you eat together? [SEP] No, she had already eaten, but I was very happy she did that. It really helped me out.	No, she had already eaten, but I was very happy she did that. It really helped me out.	She sounds like a keeper
4	I got mugged on vacation last year. [SEP] oh wow! that is horrible!! did they get away with it? [SEP] Unfortunately yes.  It was a group of young punks that pulled a knife on me.  I was just glad to get away with my life.	Unfortunately yes.  It was a group of young punks that pulled a knife on me.  I was just glad to get away with my life.	i am sorry to hear that. that is a bad incident to have happen on vacation
0	I had a review at work recently. I was told I am doing very well. [SEP] That is good. Is it your manager who did the review? [SEP] Kind of. We have about 40 managers that oversee all of us. It was one of them	Kind of. We have about 40 managers that oversee all of us. It was one of them	I understand.
6	i went to a job meeting and a couple of people were late so we had to sit and wait for them! i was so mad [SEP] That must have been really annoying. Sucks to be a person who's on time dealing with people who don't care about being on time themselves. [SEP] i know! Like, can you be professional and show up on time?	i know! Like, can you be professional and show up on time?	Did you say anything after they arrived?
6	I traveled out of the country for the first time last year. [SEP] where to? [SEP] Poland, it was where my father was born.	Poland, it was where my father was born.	how was the weather?
6	I woke up one night and realized that a roach crawled on my arm. I jumped up screaming before I killed it. [SEP] Yikes! I'd have jumped too. [SEP] I hate roaches so much. I just want to put boric acid everywhere sometimes.	I hate roaches so much. I just want to put boric acid everywhere sometimes.	We don't have any roaches where I live luckily.
7	I'm looking forward to the new football season starting! [SEP] Really? Are you watching training? [SEP] Yeah - I co-own a team in Spain so I can access video of them preparing.	Yeah - I co-own a team in Spain so I can access video of them preparing.	Oh you mean soccer lol
3	My son always thinks of me when I need it the most. He's super intuitive. [SEP] That has to make you feel so good deep inside. [SEP] It does, he had no idea I was running short on money but he stopped by my house with dinner!	It does, he had no idea I was running short on money but he stopped by my house with dinner!	Wow, that is thoughtful.  Thoughtfulness will help him go a long way in life.
2	I'm about to move out of state all by myself. It makes me so nervous	I'm about to move out of state all by myself. It makes me so nervous	You'll be fine. It will be a great learning experience.
4	Last month, I was very upset.	Last month, I was very upset.	Sorry to hear that. What were you upset about?
1	We have some bad storm weather out here right now.  My dog absolutely hates it. [SEP] did you put him inside? [SEP] No, he goes down to the basement and curls up at the first sound of thunder.	No, he goes down to the basement and curls up at the first sound of thunder.	ah well at least he is inside.
7	Tomorrow is a fine day for me - I start my new job.	Tomorrow is a fine day for me - I start my new job.	Congratulations. Are you excited?
8	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and I didn't [SEP] Wow, how did that almost happen? I would rethink my options. [SEP] someone i was involved with invited me over and they were very persistent... But I did not go	someone i was involved with invited me over and they were very persistent... But I did not go	Good keep temptations at a distance. You never want to mess up a good relationship over a one night stnad.
1	 I feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. She is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	 I feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. She is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	That's pretty cool.  It always helps to have someone helping you when you're sick.
7	My husband shocked me when he bought me a new kitten for my birthday! It is so cute! [SEP] Oh, lucky you! What's his or her name?  [SEP] Her name is Smoky!  My husband knows how badly I've been wanting a kitten. It was sweet!	Her name is Smoky!  My husband knows how badly I've been wanting a kitten. It was sweet!	That's so wonderful. My boyfriend has a cat named Smoke (I call him Smok) that I love sooo much. Good luck!
2	good friends always helps you in every up and down situation without any expectation 	good friends always helps you in every up and down situation without any expectation 	You have to have a good friend though for any help. Without a friend there is not help.
4	my cat's an outdoor cat that i let out to have fun, and i just found out he was run over by a car yesterday	my cat's an outdoor cat that i let out to have fun, and i just found out he was run over by a car yesterday	Oh no! How old was he? I'm so sorry losing a pet is so hard.
0	I haven't made a home cooked meal in a long time. [SEP] Oh, that's a shame - cooking's such fun. Why did you stop cooking? [SEP] I know. Just been busy. I ordered take out like every day last week.	I know. Just been busy. I ordered take out like every day last week.	Gosh, I couldn't afford to do that! It's far cheaper for me to cook up a big pot of stew or something and freeze it for busy days.
3	When in traffic yesterday, i got a hit from behind by a Toyota Camry car. Even though it was a gentle touch, it left scratches. So disgusted at the driver [SEP] Oh no! Did you get a police report and exchange information? [SEP] We exchanged our insurance information and as the incident was not that big, we did not call the police	We exchanged our insurance information and as the incident was not that big, we did not call the police	It's always good to exchange the information to make sure that they follow up about that. Hope your car gets fixed soon.
1	I asked my friend to water my plants while I was on vacation but she didn't and they died. I was so mad [SEP] Oh no ! Did she offer to replace the cost of the plants at least ? [SEP] No, but we have always been good friends. The plants were not that expensive, I really wasn't that mad. She had a minor fender bender and forgot about it	No, but we have always been good friends. The plants were not that expensive, I really wasn't that mad. She had a minor fender bender and forgot about it	Oh thats quite understandable then ! I try to never let small things overcome a good relationship with friends =)
3	Some person cut me off in traffic yesterday and almost caused me to wreck. [SEP] Oh no! Are you alright? [SEP] Yes, fortunately! I can't stand people who can't drive!	Yes, fortunately! I can't stand people who can't drive!	I can't either. Hopefully they don't actually cause someone else to wreck.
1	I cannot wait for the new super smash bros game, it looks amazing! [SEP] I used to play that game with my little cousins [SEP] It is improving all the time, it has like 70 characters now!	It is improving all the time, it has like 70 characters now!	Cool. I never have time for video games any more
7	I've been with my girlfriend for years and we are celebrating our anniversary soon. I feel like I need to marry her because she's the one for me.	I've been with my girlfriend for years and we are celebrating our anniversary soon. I feel like I need to marry her because she's the one for me.	Congratulations!  Do you want to marry her though?  Don't jump into a marriage because it's what people expect. If you're happy as you are, just be happy!
0	I remember when my Dad would play catch with me. [SEP] Why does that no longer happen? [SEP] I am a grown up.  I miss those times very much.	I am a grown up.  I miss those times very much.	You never too old to play catch!
1	We often get bad storms in the fall and spring. [SEP] You have tornadoes? [SEP] Yes, so I have put together a storm emergency kit for the basement .	Yes, so I have put together a storm emergency kit for the basement .	That's a good thing to have
5	I hate mowing the lawn. I wish I had a riding mower.  [SEP] Yeah, lawn mowing sucks!  Do you have a large lot? [SEP] not large but large enough that it's a pain. 	not large but large enough that it's a pain. 	Maybe that riding mower would be a worthy investment?
0	Well I rescued another dog the other day and thankfully she is very calm and sweet but I was so worried when I saw her as I already have more then enough animals. [SEP] That's so awesome. Is she little or big? [SEP] She is in between. Just a pocket pit. She was so starved and abused and maybe pregnant. I had to help her. Even though it makes me worried- I am over the city limit. [SEP] But she needs you. It's similar to mine. My found my pit eating out of the dumpster. What did you name her? [SEP] I know. And rescues never help me. So many are not nice anyway to people. I will make sure she is ok. Her name is sweetie. She is so docile and scared of everything. Most docile terrier ever.	I know. And rescues never help me. So many are not nice anyway to people. I will make sure she is ok. Her name is sweetie. She is so docile and scared of everything. Most docile terrier ever.	That's sad I'm sure she will come around soon.
8	The first day of Highschool I walked in with a big smile [SEP] Aw, that's nice.  Do you have a lot of good memories of high school? [SEP] Yes, they were the best times of my life	Yes, they were the best times of my life	My experience wasn't that great, but I still had good times back then.
7	I recently had a test that I spent a lot of time studying for.  [SEP] Good job studying. how did you do? [SEP] Since I was really prepared and understood all of the material, I did really well.	Since I was really prepared and understood all of the material, I did really well.	Congratulations! Tests are always hard, it feels great when you do well.
7	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining.it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store ". [SEP] When you feel rain ... sometimes you feel its magic ... ask the children [SEP] i agree . but i think that will only work if i willingly go under the rain.  [SEP] you're right ... then the umbrella always at hand [SEP] it was just unfortunate that i did not check the weather before going out [SEP] of everything, there is always something to learn [SEP] this is very true . for sure i will always check before stepping out	this is very true . for sure i will always check before stepping out	good luck with your learning
7	My friend used to not be very active. Now she does triathlons!	My friend used to not be very active. Now she does triathlons!	Wow I wish I could make a change like that!
0	I saw a wolf or coyote in my yard a while back and I think it killed a little beaver that lived in the creek  for years behind my house. [SEP] That must have been amazing to see!  Did you try to scare it away or just watch it?  Be careful since it sounds like it may be dangerous. [SEP] No I didn't see it happen, there was a piece of a dead animal that looked like the beaver in my yard, just the mouth and eyes were left. ugh..	No I didn't see it happen, there was a piece of a dead animal that looked like the beaver in my yard, just the mouth and eyes were left. ugh..	Wow!  Definitely be careful then!
6	It is transparent 	It is transparent 	What is transparent, may I ask?
4	I have had the worst day. This morning, I found a dog lying in the street. It was still alive, so I drove it to the vet.	I have had the worst day. This morning, I found a dog lying in the street. It was still alive, so I drove it to the vet.	Oh, I am so sorry to hear that. That is terrible. 
2	My coworker is a good person. I am really appreciative that I can depend on them. [SEP] thats quite nice of them [SEP] Yeah, it's nice to know they can cover for me when I cannot make it. It works out well for me.	Yeah, it's nice to know they can cover for me when I cannot make it. It works out well for me.	yea i bet that feels good
2	Next week I will be going on a road trip with my girlfriend. I can't wait!	Next week I will be going on a road trip with my girlfriend. I can't wait!	I am sure that will be fun
2	My husband put together a graduation party for me and I had no idea! [SEP] Hey... congratulations to you on both fronts! That sounds like double good news. It was probably fun having your hard work rewarded with seeing the faces of all your loved ones and having them personally congratulate you. [SEP] It was, I was so thankful to him and I was also thankful to be done with school! 	It was, I was so thankful to him and I was also thankful to be done with school! 	Well, it's good to have you join the workforce in society. You seem like a positive person who can contribute well. Hopefully you find a passion that utilizes your hard-earned degree.
2	I hope I will get a raise after my training	I hope I will get a raise after my training	i hope so too
8	I bought 30 lottery tickets and I found out I did not win the lottery in any of them! [SEP] well the odds are quite bad but that still sucks [SEP] I agree, but I thought it was worth a shot. i am so sad I lost all that money.	I agree, but I thought it was worth a shot. i am so sad I lost all that money.	yea i can imagine
4	I feel abandon these days. [SEP] Whats wrong? Did anything happen? Have you reached out to any friends lately? [SEP] My wife left me a month ago.My friends are trying to help me,but it's not working	My wife left me a month ago.My friends are trying to help me,but it's not working	Aw man, Im sorry. That sounds rough. I know how you feel. Time usually helps but it's pretty gradual. Hang in there.
3	I am getting transferred out of the country for my job. I sold my house and all my furniture and am ready to go start a new life. [SEP] Wow, that's quite the shift! Did you have any difficulties leaving things behind you? [SEP] I will miss my family but I'm kind of ready for something new and exciting.  I am a list maker and always ready so this is out of my comfort zone.	I will miss my family but I'm kind of ready for something new and exciting.  I am a list maker and always ready so this is out of my comfort zone.	Best of luck to you, I hope everything works out great in the end!
0	My neighbor returned my lawn gnome today. [SEP] How nice of you to loan it out! Have to admit, never heard of someone "borrowing" a lawn ornament though. [SEP] Oh, if you saw this one you would understand. I have won every Lawn of the Month award with it for 48 months straight. I was getting somewhat concerned because he is known from waltzing off on his own from time to time. But, I am thankful that my neighbor was quite vigilant!	Oh, if you saw this one you would understand. I have won every Lawn of the Month award with it for 48 months straight. I was getting somewhat concerned because he is known from waltzing off on his own from time to time. But, I am thankful that my neighbor was quite vigilant!	I'm glad you gave him a chance to shine! Everyone deserves a chance to be trusted, and it's good on you to roll the dice!
2	My aunt paid for college my first year. It was so nice of her [SEP] She must have a golden heart [SEP] She really did	She really did	I hope you have showered her with gifts and appreciation, she deserves it
7	Some guy I saw homeless 10 years ago, now makes 100k a year! [SEP] That's so inspiring! How did he do that? [SEP] He learned he had a talent for music and became a singer. I was beyond impressed!	He learned he had a talent for music and became a singer. I was beyond impressed!	Oh wow, what a claim to fame! 
0	I lost all my savings in Vegas last week because of my gambling problem. [SEP] I'm so so sorry to hear that, it can't be easy being in that position. Have you spoken to anyone close to you about it? [SEP] I have been too sad to tell anyone about this so I have kept it secret. Do you think I should talk to someone?	I have been too sad to tell anyone about this so I have kept it secret. Do you think I should talk to someone?	Definitely. Not to make this about me, but I've had a lot of issues in my life that simply got worse over time because I kept it to myself.
0	i lost my wallet today [SEP] I keep my money in the bank, never in a wallet! [SEP] its more my id im sad about	its more my id im sad about	I understand, you have to go and get another one.
0	I am ready for the next McGregor fight [SEP] I just read about that today.  Do you think he will be ready for it? [SEP] Yes, he is a fighting machine.	Yes, he is a fighting machine.	He definitely is cool to watch.
0	I had an old pocket knife returned to me that's ~15 years old. My cousin had it [SEP] That's really cool. I know how much my husbands pocket knives mean to him. [SEP] It was pretty random. I saw it and it looked just like a pocket knife I used to have and lost.   I asked him where he got it. He said he found it in an old coat from ages ago and had no clue where it was from.	It was pretty random. I saw it and it looked just like a pocket knife I used to have and lost.   I asked him where he got it. He said he found it in an old coat from ages ago and had no clue where it was from.	That's really interesting. I know my husband is bad about leaving his laying around and forgetting where they are. When he finds them again it is such a surprise.
3	We just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. I'm so happy and love being able to relax. [SEP] That sounds nice! Do you enjoy your new home? [SEP] Yes!  Its only a tad bigger than our last place but its set up so much better. The space is used so much better. 	Yes!  Its only a tad bigger than our last place but its set up so much better. The space is used so much better. 	That makes a big difference. Getting your feng shui on the go!
6	I took the garbage to the road last night and the bag burst. Got nasty stuff all over my shirt. [SEP] Ugh, that's the worst!  Bright side - at least you weren't far from home that you were able to clean everything up, right? [SEP] No, my garbage can is 2 miles away. The smell was so strong that a herd of possums jumped me on the way back.	No, my garbage can is 2 miles away. The smell was so strong that a herd of possums jumped me on the way back.	*blinks*  One, I didn't know possums travelled in herds and two, I am only hoping your day didn't get worse from there?
4	Oooo I was not feeling that good earlier in the week. I made some egg salad and I guess I didn't cook it right because I got very ill.	Oooo I was not feeling that good earlier in the week. I made some egg salad and I guess I didn't cook it right because I got very ill.	I'm sorry to hear that.  Are you better now?
7	My husband and I don't usually get each other anything for Christmas but last year he got me a puppy which was so shocking. [SEP] That was really sweet of him! [SEP] Yeah it was so nice, it made me really happy. He's very sweet. 	Yeah it was so nice, it made me really happy. He's very sweet. 	I am very happy for you!
5	My son spilled water on my laptop. I was so upset, because I lost all of the photos I had stored on it. 	My son spilled water on my laptop. I was so upset, because I lost all of the photos I had stored on it. 	Thats a bummer. Maybe you can take it to a repair shop.
4	I made a girl pregnant without marrying her, I feel so terrible because I am a very religious person [SEP] Well, if you provided for your child's care then you shouldn't feel bad. I mean, this isn't the dark ages. [SEP] I need to go and confess my sins if not I won't be able to deal with the burden	I need to go and confess my sins if not I won't be able to deal with the burden	I am sorry you feel so bad about it. I sincerely believe God will forgive a truly repentant heart.
2	Some of my daughters classmates in pre-k have been crying since the first day of school. [SEP] Oh no! Are they just scared? [SEP] I guess. My daughter has done well since the first day. She was excited about school	I guess. My daughter has done well since the first day. She was excited about school	I'm so happy for her! Hopefully everything goes well for her
6	My stepmom called today with some bad news.  News I was not expecting at all. [SEP] What was the news? [SEP] It seems that my father had a stroke.  He's only 64!  We are headed up there tomorrow to see how he's doing.	It seems that my father had a stroke.  He's only 64!  We are headed up there tomorrow to see how he's doing.	That's so tragic, did the doctor say what happened?
8	I was surprised that I was able to get into the apartment I wanted without any problems. [SEP] Nice! I hate looking for apartments. I'm in college and have looked for apartments for the past three years. It gets really old after a while, since I'm on a budget and it's hard to find something cheap but not a rat's nest. Glad you found what you wanted. [SEP] Right? I'm in the same situation and was expecting this place to be filled up since it's right next to the campus!	Right? I'm in the same situation and was expecting this place to be filled up since it's right next to the campus!	I live right next to my campus too! The downside is it's a building made in the '50s and looks terrible on the inside. But I can bear it since I'm saving money. Most college kids have their parents money and just choose a fancier place because they don't care about money. 
4	I was extremely angry on my dog.	I was extremely angry on my dog.	I am sorry to hear that, what did you dog do to make you angry?
1	My pet dog, Gabe, passed away recently. I have been so down lately because of it. [SEP] oh im sorry to hear that. what happened? [SEP] He had a type of canine cancer and had to be put to sleep.  He really was my best friend.	He had a type of canine cancer and had to be put to sleep.  He really was my best friend.	oh that stinks...
4	My cat sat on my bag right after she came out of her litter box, gross	My cat sat on my bag right after she came out of her litter box, gross	I'm sorry, but that made me laugh a little bit. I've never been able to get into the idea of cats as pets just because they're so independent and determined to do whatever the want. Doesn't seem like they can listen to any direction you try to give them.
5	I really wanted to go with my family on vacation but I couldnt go and it sucks. 	I really wanted to go with my family on vacation but I couldnt go and it sucks. 	That's such a shame. Could you perhaps join them for a couple of days?
6	I couldnt help myself esteem	I couldnt help myself esteem	oh no. what happened?
7	HEY... WHAT ARE YOUR HOBBIES	HEY... WHAT ARE YOUR HOBBIES	Hunting, fishing and computers.
2	I am getting a promotion this month!!. Years of hardwork paying off now!! [SEP] Congrats! That is great news! [SEP] Indeed it is!! i couldn't hide my excitement in the office lol	Indeed it is!! i couldn't hide my excitement in the office lol	I bet! You deserve to be proud and excited though. You have worked hard for this.
5	Every single thanksgiving, I eat alone. [SEP] Really? That's one of the saddest things I've heard in a while. I'm sorry to hear that. What happened to your family, if you don't mind me asking? [SEP] They all died when i was much younger.	They all died when i was much younger.	I am terribly sorry to hear that. You've got to be really resilient to deal with that. Maybe you could volunteer at a soup kitchen during Thanksgiving so you could have a chance to be around others?
4	My grandmother became sick recently so I have taken some time off work to nurse her.	My grandmother became sick recently so I have taken some time off work to nurse her.	Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. I hope she gets better.
5	my neighbor just installed a 40k pool, i think its a waste of money	my neighbor just installed a 40k pool, i think its a waste of money	Maybe, but maybe not. I bet it would be a lot of fun to have such a nice pool if you had the money for it. 
1	I was dancing when I heard I will be a grandfather. [SEP] oh thats so cool. [SEP] Yes, it will be my first grandchild.	Yes, it will be my first grandchild.	i bet you were so happy.
7	I've been studying for my math test all this week. Never felt so prepared in my life. [SEP] That's awesome.  What level of math is it? [SEP] It is Algebra I. Pretty tough stuff.	It is Algebra I. Pretty tough stuff.	I always had trouble with math so anything above counting is beyond what I feel competent in.  Good luck on the test!
3	My son has been having stomach pain for months now and the doctors can't figure out what it is. They basically say he has to get worse for them to find a diagnosis if some new problem comes up. I'm so scared. [SEP] I completely understand that.  Things are always scary when it is happening to your kids, but there is hope!  Have you ever heard of whole foods plant based diet?  Or doctor Fuhrman, or doctor Michael Greger?  I think it could heal your son! [SEP] What is that?  None of the doctors told me about that.  I will look into it.  Thank you! You've given me hope I never knew I had!	What is that?  None of the doctors told me about that.  I will look into it.  Thank you! You've given me hope I never knew I had!	You will likely never hear about any of this stuff in a doctors office, but it can heal almost anything!  I hope your son is better before the end of summer.  Keep hope alive!
0	I was driving to a new destination and I kind of knew the directions. My mom did not turn the navigation on and she let me drive there. [SEP] I hoe you made it there. Getting lost sucks! [SEP] Yeah it does. Well, I made it there with a couple wrong turns, but my memory worked out for me.	Yeah it does. Well, I made it there with a couple wrong turns, but my memory worked out for me.	I am glad you made it there with only a few hiccups along the way. You must have a good memory when it comes to directions. 
1	My friend was supposed to be on her trip for months and months but she came home early! I missed her!	My friend was supposed to be on her trip for months and months but she came home early! I missed her!	That must have been a wonderful feeling! It must have been hard not having your friend around for awhile.
7	MY children are making me mad [SEP] What are they doing? [SEP] I told them to go to bed hours ago. I can still hear them giggling	I told them to go to bed hours ago. I can still hear them giggling	Oh lol, Well it
1	I was content with a B on my exam.	I was content with a B on my exam.	It is a passing grade. I would be fine with it.
3	I drove to Dairy Queen but it was closed.  [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that.  That must have been frustrating. [SEP] I just really wanted some ice cream! Now I know their hours, though.	I just really wanted some ice cream! Now I know their hours, though.	Hopefully you were able to get the ice cream that you wanted in the following days.
8	I went outside my house yesterday and there was a big snake sitting in the driveway! [SEP] Oh wow, that must have been scary!  I'm terrified of snakes! [SEP] Yeah, same here. I never expected to see something like that up close.	Yeah, same here. I never expected to see something like that up close.	The only time I've seen one up close is when a professional was handling one.  I prefer to keep a distance.
0	I'm going for some hot pot this weekend [SEP] That sounds so good! [SEP] It's pretty amazing! Just wish it wasn't so pricey lol.	It's pretty amazing! Just wish it wasn't so pricey lol.	I know right!  Asian food is pricey.
5	I'm transferring to a new job and it's just beena  headache getting the paperwork done. I called my new boss to ask when I come into work, and they said they'd call me back. It's getting pretty late and I've been guarding my phone, but they still haven't called me back.	I'm transferring to a new job and it's just beena  headache getting the paperwork done. I called my new boss to ask when I come into work, and they said they'd call me back. It's getting pretty late and I've been guarding my phone, but they still haven't called me back.	that's annoying. maybe you should try giving them a call again?
1	I don't know how chefs push out food so fast. It takes me an hour to make a meal. [SEP] lol maybe you need to practice more! [SEP] hahah I think so, too. I've been searching Youtube channels that don't speed up to get a realistic look at how long things take to cook.	hahah I think so, too. I've been searching Youtube channels that don't speed up to get a realistic look at how long things take to cook.	Yeah cooking is so much fun.  Especially when you try out different things!
5	My family went on a cruise without me. I couldnt get the time off work. :/  [SEP] Are you sad and all alone now? [SEP] Yeah I am and it sucks. 	Yeah I am and it sucks. 	Maybe you can find a new friend!
6	yesterday at work some guy ran his work truck into our building	yesterday at work some guy ran his work truck into our building	oh no, what a nightmare! Was anyone injured? 
3	My girlfriend dumped me yesterday. [SEP] sorry to hear that. [SEP] I am so sad over it.	I am so sad over it.	i hope it gets better over time for you
0	When I see little boys teasing/flirting with my 14-yo cousin I post up on her status and tell them to F**K off and they get scared every time haha...I'm not trying to be mean but she needs someone to protect her [SEP] I agree, but maybe you should be a little less aggressive  [SEP] Why do you say that	Why do you say that	I dont know, I just wouldnt be that aggressive. I'd still try to protect her though
5	Are you in the US? We have a thing in the UK called Prime Minister's Question Time which is like a debate shown on TV of our parliament. It makes me very angry. [SEP] I am in the US. Why does it make you so angry? I've never heard about. [SEP] The politicians just spend the whole time shouting at each other and laughing at their own jokes. It's pathetic. You should youtube it.	The politicians just spend the whole time shouting at each other and laughing at their own jokes. It's pathetic. You should youtube it.	I think I will, I'm very curious now. You think they would want to use their time more wisely.
0	You ever have one of those moments where it's supposed to be very challenging, but then it seems like you've been ready for it for years?	You ever have one of those moments where it's supposed to be very challenging, but then it seems like you've been ready for it for years?	Yes, it's like that all the time for me. 
6	We submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. It would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful. [SEP] I wish you the best of luck on your proposal and the possibility of it becoming a reality. [SEP] Thank you so much! I hope so, too.	Thank you so much! I hope so, too.	What kind of project may I ask?
6	Me and my friend didn't get into the same job [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. [SEP] Thanks. I'm gonna miss the guy.	Thanks. I'm gonna miss the guy.	What happened to the other guy?
1	I procrastinated and didn't do the dishes for a couple days now. I think fungus started to grow on some of the old food, so nasty! [SEP] Oh no!  I bet you regretted that fast! [SEP] I had to hold my nose shut while doing the dishes. 	I had to hold my nose shut while doing the dishes. 	That sounds bad. It was probably harder to get off too
5	I've been taking care of my aging mom for 5 years now and don't really have any friends, since so much time is used taking care of her. [SEP] That is a nice thing you are doing for her though. Maybe you could hire somebody for a few hours a week and join a gym or yoga class.  [SEP] Thank you. Can't afford outside help unfortunatley. Yes. I have picked up exercising though.	Thank you. Can't afford outside help unfortunatley. Yes. I have picked up exercising though.	Go to a walking path or park. Maybe to a dog park also. 
0	I'm supposed to cook dinner tonight but I have no idea what to cook. [SEP] Make a pizza, it is a fail safe choice. [SEP] Hmm I suppose I could do that. Can never really go wrong with pizza.	Hmm I suppose I could do that. Can never really go wrong with pizza.	Yes, pizza with some olive oil and balsamic vinegar dipping. 
3	During a drive from Seattle to Los Angeles in the winter, I got stuck in my car because they closed a pass because of heavy snow. [SEP] Ugh that's no fun especially with it being so cold. [SEP] Yea, luckily I had extra blankets and some food in the car to hold me over.	Yea, luckily I had extra blankets and some food in the car to hold me over.	Well that's good. Hopefully didn't take long to open up roads.
4	My wife and I decided to get a divorce. I feel absolutely defeated and distraught because of it.	My wife and I decided to get a divorce. I feel absolutely defeated and distraught because of it.	im sorry to hear that. no chance of working it out?
3	MY friend just got a new car. [SEP] oh wow! what did they get? [SEP] A camaro. I want a new car. Mine is over 15 years old	A camaro. I want a new car. Mine is over 15 years old	wow camaros are awesom.i just got a new suv
0	I just got a new haircut and bought a suit. I feel like I'm on top of the world right now. I think I'll go ask my crush out on a date. [SEP] You go for it!  [SEP] I think I have a pretty good chance. She seems like she's been into me.	I think I have a pretty good chance. She seems like she's been into me.	You never know unless you ask, and it never hurts to ask!
8	I swear traffic is the worst in this city. I was almost in a car accident on the interstate going 80 MPH the other ady with my baby in the car.  [SEP] Wow you too! It's crazy how many bad drivers there are. [SEP] I know for real she was literally right beside me, didnt even look once and just swerved right into my lane - luckily there was no one beside me because i had to swerve to avoid her hitting me it was intense. 	I know for real she was literally right beside me, didnt even look once and just swerved right into my lane - luckily there was no one beside me because i had to swerve to avoid her hitting me it was intense. 	Well I'm glad you weren't hurt.
6	my cat keeps bting me!	my cat keeps bting me!	How long have you had it?
5	I hate trying to apply for jobs, putting so much effort into it, and then not getting any sort of response back. It's like, yeah, okay, I understand if you can't hire me, but can you at least tell me that you're denying me, and maybe why, too?	I hate trying to apply for jobs, putting so much effort into it, and then not getting any sort of response back. It's like, yeah, okay, I understand if you can't hire me, but can you at least tell me that you're denying me, and maybe why, too?	I think we're just another number for them.
6	My college friend called me and asked if we could have a double date dinner with my and his partner. I do not know why but my partner refused	My college friend called me and asked if we could have a double date dinner with my and his partner. I do not know why but my partner refused	Did you ask why your partner refused. That is very weird.
5	I've had a stressful time lately. I'm trying to get to a more peaceful place, but it sure is hard.	I've had a stressful time lately. I'm trying to get to a more peaceful place, but it sure is hard.	You should take a vacation! That always helps me clear my mind.
4	My mom's restaurant pics on Facebook give me a mixed feeling of nostalgia, guilt, and fond memories. My brother and I are usually part of their weekend restaurant excursions but we are both out of state doing our own thing  [SEP] oh man, do you miss it? How about your brother? [SEP] I miss my family, not so much the Midwest weather they have to deal with lol...it's freezing up there	I miss my family, not so much the Midwest weather they have to deal with lol...it's freezing up there	oh yeah that's way too cold! I'm sorry you feel a bit homesick. Remember you are away because you are bettering yourself
1	My 6th birthday party was unexpected.  My mom had picked me up from school and said I needed to finish homework before I could open my present.  So I went to my room but when I turned on the lights all my friends from school were there hiding and shouted "SURPRISE".  We ditched homework and played games the rest of the night.	My 6th birthday party was unexpected.  My mom had picked me up from school and said I needed to finish homework before I could open my present.  So I went to my room but when I turned on the lights all my friends from school were there hiding and shouted "SURPRISE".  We ditched homework and played games the rest of the night.	That sounds like a really fun and joyful surprise.  Young birthdays are amazing.
2	I had 2 cups of ice cream today. [SEP] Is that good or bad? [SEP] Good to have occasionally. I love to have it. 	Good to have occasionally. I love to have it. 	Good, enjoy it when you get it, that is what I say
8	I was at my friends part last weekend, and someone threw up in the hot tub! [SEP] well thats gross [SEP] Yeah... the worst part was trying to clean up all the pieces. 	Yeah... the worst part was trying to clean up all the pieces. 	i can only imagine
6	Hello there! So I just finished high school and retook maths in my final year because I didn't do well it the year before	Hello there! So I just finished high school and retook maths in my final year because I didn't do well it the year before	How did it went?
0	I used my friend's car without permission. [SEP] It is unacceptable for a friendship. I think you should not behave in such a way ever again [SEP] Trust me, I feel really bad for doing it.	Trust me, I feel really bad for doing it.	You should. You must immediately let your friend know and apologize for your behavior
2	Do your passion in your style [SEP] I don't fully understand that. I show some passion in my style. [SEP] Yes Exactly 	Yes Exactly 	Well, that's great. I hope that you show a lot of passion in your style, maybe with bright colors.
3	Moving my grandmother to an assisted living facility from her independent life has been such a transition for the whole family. Seniors can be stubborn and its been stressful to help her feel at home there and not hate it. Yesterday after visiting her however, she actually is looking more happy to be there finally. [SEP] Thats good to hear. Being independent  all your life and then being cared for all the time can be a hard transition [SEP] Yes, before that all the time we spent with her was filled with caring for her basic needs instead of doing enjoyable leisure activities with her. 	Yes, before that all the time we spent with her was filled with caring for her basic needs instead of doing enjoyable leisure activities with her. 	Hopefully this will work out well for everyone involved.
1	My brother took SAT test lately and received 2000 as his final score. I was very surprised and was not expecting it from him at all [SEP] Oh nice.  Is he the type to tone himself down in social settings...but he's secretly a wiz kid [SEP] Generally, he is not that much an attentive person. And for him to receive such a high score is quite unusual	Generally, he is not that much an attentive person. And for him to receive such a high score is quite unusual	Well gotta watch out for him...it's the quiet unassuming ones that are usually full of surprises
3	I got some BHB salts that are for keto in the mail today and I am VERY intrigued and couldn't wait to try them! [SEP] What are they for? [SEP] I sometimes eat too many carbs or sugar now and again and wanted a way to get back in too ketosis quicker	I sometimes eat too many carbs or sugar now and again and wanted a way to get back in too ketosis quicker	Ah okay, that is good then, I hope they are effective for you!
8	I have received $8,400 credit line after my application was approved with American Express for a credit card. So satisfied with my credit score	I have received $8,400 credit line after my application was approved with American Express for a credit card. So satisfied with my credit score	No I did not
2	I was shocked when I saw a $50 bill laying on the sidewalk. I grabbed it and headed to the corner store. [SEP] Dang. What did you by? Mountain dew and doritos? [SEP] No I bought some lottery tickets and stamina pills. Figured I would hit the jackpot with my luck!	No I bought some lottery tickets and stamina pills. Figured I would hit the jackpot with my luck!	A much better purchase than the neckbeard's staple. I hope you won!
8	I felt so ashamed when I farted in a mall [SEP] Thats aweful! [SEP] My friends were there, even my crush. It was so loud	My friends were there, even my crush. It was so loud	Uhmnnn!
7	I just knew my basketball team was going to win last weekend. We practice well all week [SEP] You must have been well prepared then! [SEP] We were and played well	We were and played well	Good, I wish my teammates would practice as much.
0	I used to get nervous and anxious whenever someone would try to start a fight or argument with me...now I don't ever back down, and it helps I've been boxing and wrestling for 5 years	I used to get nervous and anxious whenever someone would try to start a fight or argument with me...now I don't ever back down, and it helps I've been boxing and wrestling for 5 years	I am glad to hear that. It can take a lot for some people to be confident like that. I am glad you got over your issues with it.
0	I was shocked to see my dog missing the other day! [SEP] Oh, no I hope you found him and he is ok. [SEP] yea he came back a few days later!	yea he came back a few days later!	Do you know where he went
8	Hi, I made a mistake at work last week [SEP] Oh no!  Was it a big one or not that big of a deal? [SEP] It was a big deal to me, but I don't think anyone noticed.	It was a big deal to me, but I don't think anyone noticed.	Oh good.  Well, at least its a big deal to you because that means you're taking things seriously and concerned about your work.  
0	I feel like my sister in law is a horrible parent - some people should just not have kids. [SEP] i can relate my brothers ex wife , uses all the child support money on her self and her crack head boyfriend , my brother buys my nieces close and toys because she wont [SEP] Oh my goodness!!  My sister in law refuses to take the boys to the doctor, even when they run a high fever like 104.  My mother in law steps in all the time.	Oh my goodness!!  My sister in law refuses to take the boys to the doctor, even when they run a high fever like 104.  My mother in law steps in all the time.	its horrible to hear , but i agree with you 100 percent some people should not have kids at all
2	Its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. I'm so excited about it that I may not be able to sleep tonight! [SEP] Your husband sounds awesome. That's interesting that you're the type of person that actually likes birthday parties. Most people I know would be too embarrassed or self-conscious to enjoy them, and they'd feel uncomfortable. Especially me. But for you, I'm glad you can get into them.  [SEP] He is wonderful and ever though he isn't used to planning and putting bigger events together, it sounds like he has it all ready.  I do love them!  I don't bother taking time to be ashamed of my age. I embrace it with life! I'm turning 40. 	He is wonderful and ever though he isn't used to planning and putting bigger events together, it sounds like he has it all ready.  I do love them!  I don't bother taking time to be ashamed of my age. I embrace it with life! I'm turning 40. 	Oh, I didn't mean anything about the age! Who cares about that. I'm just a doofus when it comes to social interaction, so I get nervous and avoid things that put attention on me. But I hope you have a lot of fun, especially since your husband went through so much effort. I bet he knows you and what you like well and it will be great.
6	cant wait for my new ceiling fan to get here, it was expensive	cant wait for my new ceiling fan to get here, it was expensive	Is your current ceiling fan broken?
7	My wife just bought me a car for our anniversary, and I am so happy she did. [SEP] Wow, she is a keeper. What car is it? [SEP] A new SUV I've had my eye on.  I really wasn't expecting it, but she said 30 years is a big anniversary.	A new SUV I've had my eye on.  I really wasn't expecting it, but she said 30 years is a big anniversary.	Congratulations on the strong marriage and car!
1	I'll be getting a promotion in February. [SEP] Congrats! What will your new position be? [SEP] I'll be a district manager instead of a store manager.	I'll be a district manager instead of a store manager.	That's amazing! :)
5	Another one of my friends got engaged [SEP] Thats great for them!  [SEP] But what about me? I am the only single one now	But what about me? I am the only single one now	Yeah that can feel disappointing, and you can feel left out. Im sorry thats how it is for you. Maybe you will meet someone at their wedding?
4	Unfortunately it didn't work out so well	Unfortunately it didn't work out so well	Sorry to hear that, what happened?
1	This semester is going to go great. I can feel it!	This semester is going to go great. I can feel it!	Sounds like hard work has been paying off for you.
8	I joined the Army when I was 18 because I didn't know what else to do. I was so nervous! [SEP] I am sure you were.  Was boot camp really hard [SEP] Physically it wasn't too difficult. It was mentally difficult though. 	Physically it wasn't too difficult. It was mentally difficult though. 	I could never do something like that.  Thank you for your service
6	I saw someone putting mayo on their ice cream.	I saw someone putting mayo on their ice cream.	Really? lol
6	Just saw a squirrel jump from one neirbor's deck to the other. Pretty amazing	Just saw a squirrel jump from one neirbor's deck to the other. Pretty amazing	Those little guys are quite nimble!  Did is surprise you?
6	My son came first in his English class, which is a big deal since he is Asian.	My son came first in his English class, which is a big deal since he is Asian.	Oh that makes sense, aren't academics huge in asian culture?
0	I really hope my daughter doesnt get bullied in school.. its so bad now..  [SEP] It really is bad everywhere and the bullying policies don't help.  [SEP] It really is scary being a parent and seeing how kids are to one another. 	It really is scary being a parent and seeing how kids are to one another. 	Yes it is. It makes me want to homeschool.
2	I'm planning on going out to a party this evening. I want to meet a new girlfriend and think there might be a good girl there. [SEP] I bet your chances are high. Party at a friends or family? [SEP] It's a friend's party.	It's a friend's party.	cool well i hope you get what you want 
3	Just walked my dog 2 miles and now we are just chilled out, relaxing on the couch. It's been a good day! [SEP] That's a good effective walk! [SEP] Yeah, it's pretty hot out as well, we were both panting at the end.	Yeah, it's pretty hot out as well, we were both panting at the end.	Yeah i get that. I don't go outside for long periods of time.
8	I had no roommate in freshman year of college which was boring	I had no roommate in freshman year of college which was boring	That does sound boring because you had no one to interact with, but at least you had some privacy.
1	At the end of the year, a good friend of mine who I haven't seen in a while is coming down to visit. [SEP] That sounds exciting. How long has it been since you've seen eachother? [SEP] 6 years. But we've kept in touch over social media ever since he moved.	6 years. But we've kept in touch over social media ever since he moved.	That's great!
3	I forgot to put on Off! spray the other day before I went out and a bunch of bugs bit me up. [SEP] Oh no!  Are you itching all over now?  [SEP] Yes, I try not to scratch a lot and I put rubbing alcohol on the bumps.	Yes, I try not to scratch a lot and I put rubbing alcohol on the bumps.	That's good.  I hope it gets better soon :(
6	I just feel for an email scam	I just feel for an email scam	Oh no, I hate to hear that. What were they trying to sell?
8	MY daughter learned toplay the ukelele [SEP] Oh wow! That's great! I always wanted to learn to play. [SEP] She learned all by herself too. I am not talented like that	She learned all by herself too. I am not talented like that	Oh yeah, that's huge talent right there! I really wish I was like that!
4	My dad came to my birthday party. I wasn't expecting it. [SEP] It's nice he showed up. He doesn't normally ? [SEP] No, he works a lot.	No, he works a lot.	Oh, I'm sorry. At least he was able to make it this time!
3	My best friend moved away to another city. [SEP] Ah, you are going to miss him [SEP] Yes, I am so sad she's leaving!	Yes, I am so sad she's leaving!	I feel sorry for you. I just hope you guys atleast meet now and then!!
1	Last night I went into my kitchen and ate all of my kids cookies. [SEP] I do that all of time. [SEP] Well my wife confronted me this morning and I blamed it on our dog Max. [SEP] Lol. Poor Max. I bet sometimes dogs wished the spoke English for that very reason. [SEP] Yeah my wife had been kinda cold torwards him since. I feel bad for him..	Yeah my wife had been kinda cold torwards him since. I feel bad for him..	Shame on you. I'm telling
6	My family just left on a trip for a week and I had to stay back to work. 	My family just left on a trip for a week and I had to stay back to work. 	Oh that's too bad. How long before they get home?
6	I just got my very first new car!	I just got my very first new car!	Wow, congratulations! Did you save up a long time for it? What kind of car is it?
6	I have a small circle of friends. They are like my family.	I have a small circle of friends. They are like my family.	Thats awesome, friends really can be the best. How long have you known them? 
6	Buddy of mine and I had both paid for front row tickets to a concert...I was so mad at myself when we got there and I forgot it back home	Buddy of mine and I had both paid for front row tickets to a concert...I was so mad at myself when we got there and I forgot it back home	Oh that sucks! How far do you live from the venue?
1	I've got a beach vacation coming up and I can't wait! [SEP] How exciting! I am jealous! [SEP] Leaving on my birthday next month and going down to Panama City Florida!  Why don't you come with me???	Leaving on my birthday next month and going down to Panama City Florida!  Why don't you come with me???	That sounds very fun. I might have to take you up on that offer. I have a good friend that just moved there.
4	You ever have a dream that feels way too real? The other day I had a dream where I was a kid again and I was with my family and everything was peaceful and happy. [SEP] Yes all the time! That sounds like a nice dream. Do you still have a close relationship with your family? [SEP] Yea, I do, but it was strained for a while. It got real bad between them and it led to me honestly hating them both. It really sucked because I enjoyed my childhood a lot. It's nice that it's better now, but it's still not what it used to be. I actually woke up crying from that dream, lol.	Yea, I do, but it was strained for a while. It got real bad between them and it led to me honestly hating them both. It really sucked because I enjoyed my childhood a lot. It's nice that it's better now, but it's still not what it used to be. I actually woke up crying from that dream, lol.	Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can repair and issues you have between you guys. There's nothing more important than family.
5	I miss my ex boyfriend. [SEP] how long were u together [SEP] 5 years. He s a jerk now though lol	5 years. He s a jerk now though lol	well then maybe you're better off lol
7	I am totally going to win first place tomorrow in the biology contest! I studied for months for this! 	I am totally going to win first place tomorrow in the biology contest! I studied for months for this! 	That's great! good luck
2	Hey, I am feeling so proud of my dog today.  [SEP] that sounds great, what did your dog do? [SEP] He learned a new trick today, it took me days of training him before he caught on	He learned a new trick today, it took me days of training him before he caught on	it's satisfying when your pet does a trick, it feels like you and your pet accomplished something meaningful
4	My friend has been very distant lately.	My friend has been very distant lately.	I am sorry, any reason why?
6	I just aet a whole pack of cookies	I just aet a whole pack of cookies	Oh my, do you feel content with all that sugar in your body?
8	My marriage give me hopefulness about the life. exactly I want to say is may not it's marriage actually it's my wife given me the hope about the life.  [SEP] Wao, that sound like a great strong realtionship you have with her, so glad to hear that! [SEP] Yeah, thank you! at which situation did you feel hope for your life?	Yeah, thank you! at which situation did you feel hope for your life?	When my first daugther was born! i saw in new life, i thought everything in the world can change, we need to be pure as kids.
4	I am so mad.  My dog won't stop barking.	I am so mad.  My dog won't stop barking.	I am sorry, he will stop eventually
4	My mom had to put our family dog to sleep last week.	My mom had to put our family dog to sleep last week.	Oh, that is so tough. I am sorry. Are you all right?
6	I watched a man eat 3 pounds of canned tuna. [SEP] Eww. I hope he was outside - that stuff stinks! [SEP] Yes, it was very gross to witness!	Yes, it was very gross to witness!	I bet it was. Don't you just hate those eating contests where people are shoving stuff into their mouths so fast?!
4	it makes me angry when i let someone out in traffic without being acknowleded [SEP] Do you honk your horn at them? [SEP] generally i do, gotta be careful with all the crazies out there though	generally i do, gotta be careful with all the crazies out there though	That is true. It is always better to be safe than sorry.
7	I am so happy that I have finally gotten a head start on being organized to teach this year	I am so happy that I have finally gotten a head start on being organized to teach this year	This is so good, well done
1	I was walking down my street and a big fly flew into my mouth. I tried to spit it out but it wouldn't leave. It tasted so nasty. [SEP] Did you wind up eating it? [SEP] Yeah it was a bit crunchy but I wasn't going to let it live rent-free in my mouth. At least I got my protein for the day!	Yeah it was a bit crunchy but I wasn't going to let it live rent-free in my mouth. At least I got my protein for the day!	lol, you are such a nice person. I would have definately kicked that guy out!
6	I have worked so hard in school lately.	I have worked so hard in school lately.	Are you tired?
6	I was super shocked when I did well on my math final, thought i bombed it hard	I was super shocked when I did well on my math final, thought i bombed it hard	I have had way too many close calls on my finals. How did you do?
3	I spent 5 hours baking a cake yesterday.  [SEP] That's a lot of dedication. Was it for a special occasion? And have you been baking for very long, or do you do it professionally at all? [SEP] I do it just as a hobby, when I finished this one my wife dropped it, I was so mad	I do it just as a hobby, when I finished this one my wife dropped it, I was so mad	Oh, I feel terrible for both of you. Your hard work lost, and she probably feels really guilty too, for something that was maybe an accident. I hope you guys were able to talk it out and not get too upset with one another after a while.
6	Some days every little thing gets me irritated [SEP] what is bugging you today [SEP] I was upset I couldn't attend an event	I was upset I couldn't attend an event	you didnt get an invite ?
6	it's monsoon season here where i live and I can hear the thunder rumbling, I hope we don't get flooded. I'm pretty scared.	it's monsoon season here where i live and I can hear the thunder rumbling, I hope we don't get flooded. I'm pretty scared.	That is scary! Have you been watching the weather?
0	We went to Six Flags yesterday and I felt so uneasy as I looked at the looming rollercoaster. [SEP] Which Six Flags did you go to? [SEP] In Georgia. The rollercoaster ended up being very thrilling despite my earlier apprehension!	In Georgia. The rollercoaster ended up being very thrilling despite my earlier apprehension!	I live right by that one!
4	I was all alone last week when my dog got out	I was all alone last week when my dog got out	I'm sorry to hear that! Did you find your dog?
6	I am very happy lately.	I am very happy lately.	What are you feeling happy about?
6	it was so embarasing to do that	it was so embarasing to do that	What did you do
5	My coworker went into labor, and we somehow all brought a baby into the world [SEP] That's awesome! And crazy... And scary... and awesome all at once! You must kinda feel accomplished though, huh? Good to hear that everyone is happy and healthy. Kind of weird how you all will have that special, unique bond for the rest of your lives, now.  [SEP] Yea. It was overwhelming but in a good way. And yea, guess we will all carry this special bond for the rest of their lives now.	Yea. It was overwhelming but in a good way. And yea, guess we will all carry this special bond for the rest of their lives now.	It's funny, you guys walked into work that day and thought it'd be another usual, boring day. You clocked out maybe with some blood on your shirt, smelling like newborn. Awesome.
1	When the Eagles finally won the superbowl, I was so so happy, I cried even	When the Eagles finally won the superbowl, I was so so happy, I cried even	Oh lord! I am glad you have something that is a healthy hobby
3	I was crossing a wet road and slipped. I fell with a thud right on my rear end [SEP] Oh no. How is your butt now? [SEP] Very funny. All I could do is sit there and laugh.	Very funny. All I could do is sit there and laugh.	hahaha I hope you recover soon.
8	So I had huge plans to go away for the summer but that has changed. I failed one of my final exams and I now have to take the course over this summer. I cant believe I let that happen.	So I had huge plans to go away for the summer but that has changed. I failed one of my final exams and I now have to take the course over this summer. I cant believe I let that happen.	Mistakes happen but it's good you are learning from it. We all make mistakes
3	I have an interview coming up and want to be extra prepared	I have an interview coming up and want to be extra prepared	Make sure you dress nicely and bring a positive attitude.  
7	I have a job interview today	I have a job interview today	Good luck. Whats the job?
7	I can't wait for the Mile 22 movies to come out. It has one of my favorite UFC fighters in it and I can't wait!	I can't wait for the Mile 22 movies to come out. It has one of my favorite UFC fighters in it and I can't wait!	I saw the trailer, looks good.
5	i really wanted to get pregnant but month after month it didn't happen	i really wanted to get pregnant but month after month it didn't happen	Hmm maybe it's not your time yet...I'm sure you'll get there
3	I am jealous of my coworker, he is very smart and athletic	I am jealous of my coworker, he is very smart and athletic	Some people have better cards then we do in life. It's how you play your cards though.
5	I cried when I heard Top Gun 2 was being made. [SEP] Really? Why? Out of happiness? [SEP] No, sadness. I know it won't be good and will ruin the first movie.	No, sadness. I know it won't be good and will ruin the first movie.	Good point. But maybe, just maybe, it'll be brilliant.
0	Make a point to do that even if you don’t feel like it	Make a point to do that even if you don’t feel like it	It's hard to do it when your mind is playing tricks with you
0	I hate seeing my friends take fancy vacations all the time.	I hate seeing my friends take fancy vacations all the time.	I understand that, it is not fun to not make money the way others do
6	It was a hot summer day and the sirens went off in the grocery store. I was about to leave the grocery store until the lady next to me with 2 kids stopped me to ask if I can assist her. I carried one of her kids out of the grocery store. It seemed that she felt comfortable around me.  [SEP] Wow! You must have a very trusting face! That was very nice of you to help her. [SEP] I like to help others! It was not an easy thing to do, but it seemed like it was the right thing to do. 	I like to help others! It was not an easy thing to do, but it seemed like it was the right thing to do. 	It definitely was! How old do you think her kids were?
7	I have an interview next week and I am nervous about it [SEP] I'm sure you're gonna nail it!   What is the job? [SEP] It's in a call center [SEP] Have you worked in one before? [SEP] Yes - lots of times.	Yes - lots of times.	Cool.  So you have some good experience.  I'd say this new job is yours!  Good luck!
1	I recently studied for a big exam at college. Because of my hard work, I was able to pass with flying colors! [SEP] awesome! Congrats! You make me feel so proud for you [SEP] Aww thanks! I am hoping to get my degree within the next 2 years!	Aww thanks! I am hoping to get my degree within the next 2 years!	I'm sure you will, you sound like a very motivated and determined person
3	I robbed my grand parents once because of my addiction to drugs. They didn't notice but I feel bad about it.	I robbed my grand parents once because of my addiction to drugs. They didn't notice but I feel bad about it.	Now that is something I would imagine is hard to deal with. I hope you are in a better place.
8	I've got lasagna in the oven. I hope it turns our well!	I've got lasagna in the oven. I hope it turns our well!	I am sure it will
0	Don't you hate that feeling when you get lonliness and it feels like it's going to make you vomit? 	Don't you hate that feeling when you get lonliness and it feels like it's going to make you vomit? 	Yes I do hate being all alone. That's how I feel when my boyfriend leaves town for work.
4	I wasn't able to make rent this month.	I wasn't able to make rent this month.	Ohh man, I am so sorry.  I have had that happen to me many times over the last five years.  Did you contact your landlord?
4	Last month, I was very upset.	Last month, I was very upset.	Sorry to hear that. What were you upset about?
6	You know what grinds my gears?	You know what grinds my gears?	What is it?
0	I actually was able to keep my promise to this girl I was seeing? [SEP] Well its always a good thing to keep a promise. Can I ask what the promise was? [SEP] She wanted me to make a date. I told her I would, but I didn't realize I would be so busy at work and it was getting late. [SEP] Well I applaud your dedication and faithfulness in making sure you kept the promise, good job! [SEP] Thank you. I actually had to stop what I was doing and just leave. Luckily I was able to work on it some more when I got home from the date, so my boss never found out I left.	Thank you. I actually had to stop what I was doing and just leave. Luckily I was able to work on it some more when I got home from the date, so my boss never found out I left.	See things work out well when you make doing the right thing a priority. I am glad you followed through on it
3	I am sometimes a bad parent [SEP] Why is that? [SEP] I always eat all of the ice cream before my kids have any [SEP] Oh, well they probably do not need any ice cream! [SEP] that's what I say while I eat it lol	that's what I say while I eat it lol	Haha, they can eat ice cream when they are the parents!
6	My cat vomited on my shoes today	My cat vomited on my shoes today	Is your cat ill? or do cat always do that?
0	Overtly superficial people tick me off.  They're nice to you in person but talk crap behind your back that's what you call a two-faced friend	Overtly superficial people tick me off.  They're nice to you in person but talk crap behind your back that's what you call a two-faced friend	I call them hypocrites. They take advantage of people whenever it suites their needs. Can't stand the presence of such people
2	I'm ready to destroy my final today. [SEP] Well that is good! What class is it for? [SEP] Literature	Literature	Well hopefully you do well on it.
2	It was my birthday and my friends sent me birthday cards in the mail. I received all of them but not the one who contained a gift card. i'm so angry about it [SEP] Ugh, oh no.... is there someway you can have the person who sent it call the gift card to see what can be done?  [SEP] I don't want to bother her about it. but i did call usps and they will investigate it	I don't want to bother her about it. but i did call usps and they will investigate it	True true, well im glad they are looking into it for you. I hope they find it! 
0	Next week Madden 19 comes out, I look forward to it every year! [SEP] I used to play Madden a lot so I understand the excitement.  It is a fun game [SEP] I agree, it also means football season is around the corner which is my happiest time of the year.  What about you?	I agree, it also means football season is around the corner which is my happiest time of the year.  What about you?	I do enjoy football, it means that fall is right around the corner and I love the weather
5	I get off work in 45 minutes. I can't wait. [SEP] There is no better feeling than getting off of work! [SEP] Tell me about it. I'm dying to get home.	Tell me about it. I'm dying to get home.	Maybe you can knock off 43 minutes early.
1	I was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	I was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	That sounds so nice! I love to be with my dog outside too, even if just watching him play.
8	I hope my real estate lady comes by Monday. She said she was busy and to call her Monday morning	I hope my real estate lady comes by Monday. She said she was busy and to call her Monday morning	They are very busy but if she made an appointment with you then she should be there on Monday.
8	I really appreciate all my friends I have. [SEP] Friends are so useful and nice to have on happy and sad days. [SEP] Yes, I prefer them on the happy days thou	Yes, I prefer them on the happy days thou	Same here for sure but they make gloomy days a lot better.
1	I really took a trip down memory lane recently! I went to my 10 year high school reunion! [SEP] Wow! How content you must feel about it! [SEP] Yeah, and it really had me reminiscing about the good times I had in the past with my friends,	Yeah, and it really had me reminiscing about the good times I had in the past with my friends,	That must have made you feel happy! I can tell!
0	So proud of myself for making that team. [SEP] oh what team? that's some very good news man! good job! [SEP] My highschool basketball squad! Thank you very much.	My highschool basketball squad! Thank you very much.	i love playing basketball, especially cause i have the height advantage too 
1	My brother calls me all the time, so annoying. [SEP] Oh no!  What does he do that is so annoying? [SEP] He just calls and talks about nothing.	He just calls and talks about nothing.	It is nice that he wants to stay connected I guess
4	My uncle died in the hospital,  he had malaria , till now,  I've not been myself 	My uncle died in the hospital,  he had malaria , till now,  I've not been myself 	So sorry to hear that, Hard to be alone.
8	I have my final exam for Linear Algebra coming in a week. I feel stressed out as I am not prepared [SEP] Try to relax and think positive, visualize yourself acing the test. [SEP] I think i am going to fail this test as there are much to learn but no time left to comprehensively study	I think i am going to fail this test as there are much to learn but no time left to comprehensively study	You are being to negative.Whit this attitude, you are gonna fail for sure
6	This past chrstmas, I was gifted my HP laptop, and I have been consistently using it ever since! It really was a great gift.	This past chrstmas, I was gifted my HP laptop, and I have been consistently using it ever since! It really was a great gift.	That's such a nice gift! What are your main uses of it? 
3	I seen this guy riding down my street riding a unicycle making it look easy. Talk about skill! [SEP] Wow, that's not something I'd expect to see just looking out my window at the street!  Were you impressed? [SEP] I most certainly was! I ran to find my kids and show them. They all want one for Christmas now!	I most certainly was! I ran to find my kids and show them. They all want one for Christmas now!	Ha!  Well just make sure you've got good insurance on all of them first!!
8	I've been taking care of my youngest daughter today. She has a cold.	I've been taking care of my youngest daughter today. She has a cold.	That's a bummer.  Did you make her chicken noodle soup
0	I want my family to do well [SEP] That is a very good wish to have buddy [SEP] I want them to be able to go to the store and buy everything with no worries.	I want them to be able to go to the store and buy everything with no worries.	true. in other words you want to make them financially stable
1	I prepared rice and fish stew for my dinner date with my new girl [SEP] That is so great that you're cooking for her!  Did she love it? [SEP] She loved it. I couldn't believe it turned out right because I saw the recipe on youtube and tried it out 	She loved it. I couldn't believe it turned out right because I saw the recipe on youtube and tried it out 	Oh good!  You must be so proud too!  I love watching youtube recipes!  I'm so glad it turned out for you!
3	So last night I was in a drunken state, and said bad things to my wife and children.	So last night I was in a drunken state, and said bad things to my wife and children.	Really? That's awful. Hopefully they understand taht you weren't really yourself.
2	i enjoy the life i have with my husband [SEP] Wow! That is cool, do you spend a lot of time with him? [SEP] we do. after work and on the weekends i wish we had more time together	we do. after work and on the weekends i wish we had more time together	I hope you many more years of happy marriage!
0	Wasn't able to register for one of the classes I need to be on track to graduate in my last year of college. Have to contact the school and see if they'll be able to make an exception and squeeze me into a full class, or I don't know what I'll do.	Wasn't able to register for one of the classes I need to be on track to graduate in my last year of college. Have to contact the school and see if they'll be able to make an exception and squeeze me into a full class, or I don't know what I'll do.	That is scary, I was in that position before, I do not know why they make it so difficult
6	I killed my family and fed them to pigs.	I killed my family and fed them to pigs.	oh dear. Are you ok?
1	I hugged a random woman at the store today...	I hugged a random woman at the store today...	I bet that was pretty awkward.
4	My dog had to be euthanized last week.	My dog had to be euthanized last week.	sorry to hear that.. what happened ? 
4	Last year, when  my kids were both at school, I would get lonely at home sometimes.	Last year, when  my kids were both at school, I would get lonely at home sometimes.	I can understand that. It's usually either parents are happy they are out of the house, or sad that they're gone. I'm sorry you feel lonely. 
0	A friend of mine just got a new wrangler, i want one bad [SEP] Ive been wanting a jeep for myself too! They are so cool [SEP] They are! I love them they are super nice	They are! I love them they are super nice	I agree! They look cool and are fun to play in the mud with
2	I don't have anyone to talk to. It can get pretty quiet in this big house I live in [SEP] I'll always talk to you. [SEP] Why thank you. You are such a good friend. 	Why thank you. You are such a good friend. 	I'll always be for you.
1	The new school year has begun and I'm can't wait to see what the future has to offer	The new school year has begun and I'm can't wait to see what the future has to offer	awesome
8	Super sad this past weekend without my significant other. [SEP] Did they go away or did you break up? [SEP] No not really break up. He is away getting help and he needs it so I have to tough it out.	No not really break up. He is away getting help and he needs it so I have to tough it out.	Well, remember that he is doing something healthy for himself and that should make your relationship stronger in the end.
8	I recently was in a situation at work where I had a colleague take credit for months of my work, and go out of their way to tell my boss and others in a committee that I actually held the team back. [SEP] Ugh I hate crap like that.  Why can't credit be shared?  Does it always have to be so cutthroat? [SEP] Honestly, I'm indifferent as to how it's shared. Later, my boss actually sat me down and told me they knew my colleague was out of line. Ironically, their contract with our company was up two weeks later and they weren't renewed.  [SEP] Well All's well that ends well.  I'm sure glad they were able to see through such a cheap ploy. [SEP] It is what it is. I would never wish for anyone to lose their job, but I am thankful that in the end I was able to stay in the good graces of senior leadership.	It is what it is. I would never wish for anyone to lose their job, but I am thankful that in the end I was able to stay in the good graces of senior leadership.	Hey people get what the deserve in this world sometimes.  Just be glad justice is served.
5	I ate 50 Big Macs yesterday. Felt slightly bad for the herd of homeless across the street, gazing enviously upon my pile of gluttony. 	I ate 50 Big Macs yesterday. Felt slightly bad for the herd of homeless across the street, gazing enviously upon my pile of gluttony. 	Wow. How did you manage to eat that many? Maybe you should have shared. 
3	I am looking forward to the soccer season starting again [SEP] Nice, you must be really anticipating it. Which soccer league will you watch? [SEP] Today the English league starts, but I am Scottish - so I watch the Scottish league normally. I also co-own a team in Spain so will watch that too. It doesn't start for a couple of weeks. [SEP] Sounds good, today I'll be watching my favorite team play. I am also anticipating the match. [SEP] Who do you support? Man Utd?	Who do you support? Man Utd?	Yes, they take on Leicester City
5	i really wanted to get pregnant but month after month it didn't happen	i really wanted to get pregnant but month after month it didn't happen	Hmm maybe it's not your time yet...I'm sure you'll get there
2	My fiance took a new job about a year ago, and he would eventually get his own work vehicle after the 6 months of training. After that long time of him having the car all day I am happy that his training is over and he gets his work truck and I get the car back! [SEP] Nice!  Six months is a long time to be car-less.  I'm sure you have a new sense of freedom to do what you want and need to do while he's at work now. [SEP] Yes I do! Then on the other hand I don't have an excuse when I really dont want to get up and do something too. Double edge sword I guess	Yes I do! Then on the other hand I don't have an excuse when I really dont want to get up and do something too. Double edge sword I guess	That's funny - true.  Hopefully the good part outweighs that, though.  
1	A car hit me about 10 years. I awoke up in the morning naked and two womens wasking me for chirurgical operation. I felt so bad to be naked in front of people I don't know. [SEP] You weren't thinking about the surgery at all? [SEP] No because my brain was not working properly. I didn't know what was the surgery about. I awoke finding people washing my private part. I felt bad.	No because my brain was not working properly. I didn't know what was the surgery about. I awoke finding people washing my private part. I felt bad.	That would freak me out too.
4	last week, my pet dog died. His name is Jack.	last week, my pet dog died. His name is Jack.	I'm so sorry! It's always sad losing a friend. 
2	im so happy ill be leaving this state , and moving to another one and start all over [SEP] That sounds like a great adventure, where you moving. [SEP] to new york , my brother lives there he attends west point 	to new york , my brother lives there he attends west point 	That's fun. Ever been there, it's super fun.
8	Just moved and there is a pier near where I live [SEP] Oh, that's kind of nice. It's nice to have those natural landmarks near where you live, so you can visit them and get a sense of relaxation and peace. I've lived near the ocean all my life, and while I do take it for granted from time to time, I try to remember how useful and beautiful it is. [SEP] Yea. I'm so used to living in the center of the city. Nothing but cars and buildings. I already feel so relaxed here.	Yea. I'm so used to living in the center of the city. Nothing but cars and buildings. I already feel so relaxed here.	Sometimes it means increased work commute, or higher costs of living. But sometimes that can be worth it in terms of the health benefits and lifestyle improvements that come along with it. It's all a balance. I'm glad you seem to have found yours!
3	I have a day off tomorrow after 3 straight weeks of work and my throat is starting to bother me! Figures!	I have a day off tomorrow after 3 straight weeks of work and my throat is starting to bother me! Figures!	That is terrible, I hope you feel better!
1	I just spilled my coffee all over my work papers.	I just spilled my coffee all over my work papers.	That's terrible can you reprint them
8	my husband and I have been married 28 years. I've never even looked at another man. [SEP] That is amazing. There are not a lot of people that can say that. [SEP] thank you. we've been through a lot, but I've always stuck by his side	thank you. we've been through a lot, but I've always stuck by his side	You are so lucky. I recently got married, but we have been together for 12 years and are always there for one another.
6	I won $50,000 on one of the 3 scratch off tickets I recently bought! [SEP] Holy smokes - thats unbelievable.  I gave up on playing those scratch off games [SEP] I know! I normally do not win so I could not believe it when I did!	I know! I normally do not win so I could not believe it when I did!	How often do you play?
3	I am having a hard time with someone who keeps repeating the same mistakes. [SEP] What are they repeating? [SEP] Bad behaviors and attitudes. It's hard to see they keep going back to the same path.	Bad behaviors and attitudes. It's hard to see they keep going back to the same path.	I hope you can provide them with some help.
6	After the first team meeting under new management I felt very sure that i can depend on my team [SEP] That's great. Sometimes co-workers can be hit or miss. When you get good ones, it's awesome. [SEP] It actually really helps to do team building exercises and group outings	It actually really helps to do team building exercises and group outings	Is that something your work arranges?
6	So I was coming home last night kinda late and It was really dark outside my house.. 	So I was coming home last night kinda late and It was really dark outside my house.. 	There are some apps that allow a friend to follow your progress as you home. Will that make you feel safer?
3	"I had a good friend who just lost their child to leukemia. [SEP] im so sorry to hear that :/ [SEP] Thank you it is horrible to know thats happening.	Thank you it is horrible to know thats happening.	Yeah i hope that she pulls through and finds a happy place during this bad experience 
6	i really love keeping up with old family traditions i grew up with	i really love keeping up with old family traditions i grew up with	O yea? what kind would that be?
8	i cant wait until tomorrow. i get to see my favorite band korn play	i cant wait until tomorrow. i get to see my favorite band korn play	I didn't know they still toured. I saw Korn years ago.
5	My first date with a woman that I met at a party didn't go as expected. [SEP] Really? How come? [SEP] We didn't have any common interest. At some point, during the date, she seemed bored. I called her but she didn't reply.	We didn't have any common interest. At some point, during the date, she seemed bored. I called her but she didn't reply.	That is very disappointing. Maybe next time text or talk on the phone a little bit to see if you will have something in common.
3	I am such a sugar addict. I ate most of my kids' Halloween candies. I blamed it on their friends instead.	I am such a sugar addict. I ate most of my kids' Halloween candies. I blamed it on their friends instead.	That is amusing to hear. I hope your kids did not cry for their candies
8	I pulled out of my driveway during a horrendous rain storm and accidently ran over my neighbors cat [SEP] Oh my gosh! It isn't your fault!!! [SEP] It was an accident but I feel so bad and hate to even admit I did it I just feel awful about it	It was an accident but I feel so bad and hate to even admit I did it I just feel awful about it	I have ran over animals as well. It is an unfortunate reality.
5	Today I came home to find that my dog ripped all our pillows into shreds! I was so angry that I had to punish my dog. [SEP] That's terrible! How did you punish your dog? [SEP] I yelled at her for a bit and put her into the cage for a little bit.	I yelled at her for a bit and put her into the cage for a little bit.	Maybe your dog has learned it's lesson.
2	I am so happy I graduated college.	I am so happy I graduated college.	I bet! It has to feel like a huge accomplishment.
7	I have been studying a lot to take the bar test next week. I've also taken several courses to be ready for it.	I have been studying a lot to take the bar test next week. I've also taken several courses to be ready for it.	Wow, heard that is a tough test, good luck and I'm sure you are prepared.
5	I have been without water all day at my house. [SEP] Oh my, how are you going to bathe and use the restroom? [SEP] I have been waiting on the plumber all day and he still hasn't shown up!  Im upset!	I have been waiting on the plumber all day and he still hasn't shown up!  Im upset!	As you should be! I think you need to call another plumber
6	I traveled out of the country for the first time last year.	I traveled out of the country for the first time last year.	where to?
7	I have been going on interviews for 4 months and today I finally got a job!  I am so happy!	I have been going on interviews for 4 months and today I finally got a job!  I am so happy!	Congratulations. You finally did it. What is your occupation now?
3	I'm signed up to go sky diving soon for the first time. [SEP] That will be fun. I went for my 18th birthday and it was exciting. [SEP] Nice. I'm nervous about it but also looking forward to it.	Nice. I'm nervous about it but also looking forward to it.	Get the video, It is worth it!
5	I am seeing a lot of litter on the ground these days around my school... really chaps me. [SEP] Yeah that is pretty upsetting. I don't get what is so hard about throwing away your trash.  [SEP] I know, right? People are just so lazy or don't care I guess.	I know, right? People are just so lazy or don't care I guess.	Maybe the kids will see all of the trash and see that it is bad and grow up to not  litter?
0	I was overcharged on my water bill by 200%, during a time I was on an especially tight budget. [SEP] Oh god..They do that to me TOO! And we have poison water! Are they going to fix it? [SEP] Yeah, they admitted it was a problem on their end and reversed the charge.  I had to waste literally hours on the phone with them!	Yeah, they admitted it was a problem on their end and reversed the charge.  I had to waste literally hours on the phone with them!	Oh..the phone part is the worst! And being transferred and re-telling the story! I am glad they reversed it though! Most companies won't!
0	Feeling quite confident going in to this exam. [SEP] Oh yeah? What is the exam for? I hope you do well. [SEP] It's a calculus exam, I need to score over a 60%.	It's a calculus exam, I need to score over a 60%.	Oh man I always found calculus to be really tough. I'm glad you seem confident. 
5	I'm so glad that it's Friday, get to spend the weekend with my family! [SEP] Yes, I hear you on that one. [SEP] Do you have any plans for the weekend?	Do you have any plans for the weekend?	Going swimming on Sunday, Relaxing and maybe grocery shopping on Saturday.
1	I moved out of my beach community in Los Angeles because it was so expensive, I don't know how my remaining friends there exist! [SEP] Theyre clearly fatcats, thats how. Where did you move to?  [SEP] New Orleans. It's a fun city but it's not as nice as California. One of my friends in LA is just a teacher and goes to Hawaii all the time. I've never been.  [SEP] isnt california like really hot? Im not sure if id be able to tolerate the temperature to be honest, do you intend to move back to los angeles in the future? [SEP] It's nice at the beach, like 85 degrees. A cold day is 55, which are rare. I'd like to move back but can't ever imagine paying 2400 for renting a box. 	It's nice at the beach, like 85 degrees. A cold day is 55, which are rare. I'd like to move back but can't ever imagine paying 2400 for renting a box. 	i pay 160 euros a month for my apartament lol, 2400 is insanity tbh. and 85 degrees is like 30c D: that is so hot!
3	I bought a bag of frozen fish last week to cook today. [SEP] Was it any good? Frozen foods can be weird. [SEP] It had already gone bad when I unthawed it. I was so upset.	It had already gone bad when I unthawed it. I was so upset.	That is so annoying. You're better off buying fresh on the day, even if it's inconvenient. 
5	I was only married for 4 weeks when I learned my husband was having an affair and ongoing after the wedding. I got him back by sleeping with a close family friend. I felt guilty and ashamed because it was out of character. [SEP] Yeah that sounds really sad. I am sorry for what you went through.  [SEP] Well I choose to stay and work it out, but I never told him. It has been 3 years.	Well I choose to stay and work it out, but I never told him. It has been 3 years.	Yeah maybe that was a good decision that you made. 
2	One of my bestfriends was involved in a car accident that ended up being extremely bad.  [SEP] Oh no! Was anyone badly injured? [SEP] Yeah all of them were injured extremely, and his gf was actually killed in the passenger seat. 	Yeah all of them were injured extremely, and his gf was actually killed in the passenger seat. 	That's terrible. I hope your friend recovers.
3	Just lost my best friend. [SEP] I cant imagine how much that hurts.. I would be so sad. [SEP] It was my dog, he got ran over.	It was my dog, he got ran over.	It always hurts more when its unexpected. Hopefully time heals.
8	My mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs. [SEP] Oh wow, that is great for her [SEP] I know, I'm really glad she stuck to it.	I know, I'm really glad she stuck to it.	Its a good thing to be healthy
2	It's almost date night [SEP] What happened [SEP] Nothing yet. Me and the hubby are gonns get some well deserved alone time.	Nothing yet. Me and the hubby are gonns get some well deserved alone time.	I bet that will be fun
1	This bird chased my cat on our walk [SEP] Did your cat show the bird who's boss? [SEP] Nah. He's a pussy.	Nah. He's a pussy.	That's somewhat offensive.
0	I was hoping to meet my friend this weekend that I hadn't seen in a long time, but he had to cancel suddenly. [SEP] Why did they cancel [SEP] They couldn't take off work due to unexpected project problems.	They couldn't take off work due to unexpected project problems.	I guess work does that sometimes
3	Did you go outside and see if anyone was hurt? [SEP] What do you mean? I don't know what you are talking about. [SEP] I heard a noise outside that sounded like a car had wrecked yesterday.	I heard a noise outside that sounded like a car had wrecked yesterday.	Well then I guess you should have went and checked to see if anyone was hurt. I hope you called a ambulance.
7	I have such a great family	I have such a great family	That's good to hear, one of the best advantages you can have in life
4	I dropped my 5 dollar ice cream as soon as I left the store [SEP] Ohh that's bad. How did you feel? [SEP] Just the worst, it was one of my favorite gourmet ice creams too, salted caramel flavour	Just the worst, it was one of my favorite gourmet ice creams too, salted caramel flavour	Ohh I am so sorry. That one's my favorite too! But, I feel bad for you.
0	I spent $60 on a game that was really hyped up of being amazing and I just really couldn't get into it!	I spent $60 on a game that was really hyped up of being amazing and I just really couldn't get into it!	That is disappointing.  I wonder if you can see if anyone you know is doing it and they can hype you up for it.  
4	I was extremely emotional when my dog passed away	I was extremely emotional when my dog passed away	Aww man sorry for your loss, those are the worst, its like losing your best friend. I hope he passed away peacefully and happy.
8	My cousin bought a really pretty shirt that I had been wanting [SEP] My cousin bought a really pretty shirt that I had been wanting [SEP] that is not fun, does that mean you cannot get it now? [SEP] No I can but I didn't want her to have it and not me. [SEP] that is no fun, does that mean you cannot buy it now?	that is no fun, does that mean you cannot buy it now?	No I can but I didn't want her to have it and not me.
8	I am so happy I graduated college. [SEP] I bet! It has to feel like a huge accomplishment. [SEP] Yes and I had a 4.0	Yes and I had a 4.0	I did not know you had a 4.0! How do your parents feel about that.
2	I forgot to get my girlfriend a birthday present. [SEP] Oh no! I hope everything is ok! Was she mad? [SEP] Definitely mad, but I'm trying to make it up with a romantic dinner and stuff. I don't know how I overlooked this.	Definitely mad, but I'm trying to make it up with a romantic dinner and stuff. I don't know how I overlooked this.	It can happen I bet. Just try to make this the only time, and in my experience, you're going to have to pull out all the stops with this dinner!
4	I watched the new Black Panther movie last night. I was a little let down by the story though. It needed more development.	I watched the new Black Panther movie last night. I was a little let down by the story though. It needed more development.	Okay, I am sorry that it was not up to your standard. I have not seen it as yet.
1	My wife has owned her own business for 3 years. [SEP] Thats so impressive! You must be proud.  [SEP] I am, I am really impressed with her	I am, I am really impressed with her	I would be too. Thats amazing. Good for her! 
6	That is a sad thing to hear. I hope you are happy to be rid of them both now	That is a sad thing to hear. I hope you are happy to be rid of them both now	Why was it sad?
1	I cannot wait for the new super smash bros game, it looks amazing! [SEP] I used to play that game with my little cousins [SEP] It is improving all the time, it has like 70 characters now!	It is improving all the time, it has like 70 characters now!	Cool. I never have time for video games any more
4	I dropped a bowl of mashed potatoes and it smashed all over the floor	I dropped a bowl of mashed potatoes and it smashed all over the floor	oh no! i'm sorry to hear that. I wish i could come over and help you clean up
6	Just got scared to death. [SEP] Oh no. What happened? [SEP] My brother jumped scared me.	My brother jumped scared me.	lol is he younger or older?
2	My mother is sick in the hospital. I am optimistic she will make it through	My mother is sick in the hospital. I am optimistic she will make it through	That sad. I hope she is okay.
1	I saw a bird fly into my window today	I saw a bird fly into my window today	That's pretty bizarre.
2	There is no better feeling than being greeted at the door by your dog [SEP] Thats always a good feeling. I bet you are excited to come home everyday. [SEP] You bet. As soon as she hears the door horn when I lock my car, I can hear her barking from inside [SEP] What a good dog and full of joy! [SEP] She is a very sweet girl	She is a very sweet girl	I bet she loves you just at much as you love her.
3	Tomorrow I have to give a presentation at work and I just found out that the Vice President of the company is going to be there. [SEP] Oh boy I hope you get some sleep tonight! [SEP] It'll be hard now that I know that, but I'm going to try.  At least it'll push me to do my most impressive work.  I hope.  Its intimidating so I'm trying not to think ab out it too much.	It'll be hard now that I know that, but I'm going to try.  At least it'll push me to do my most impressive work.  I hope.  Its intimidating so I'm trying not to think ab out it too much.	you got it bro!
5	My girlfriend has been acting suspicious lately. Guarding her phone, being absent here and there when she didn't used to be. Having weird excuses for her weird behavior. She tells me nothing is going on, and I try to believe her. I don't know how much longer that will last. [SEP] I'm sorry. It can be hard to be in a situation where you think the other person is cheating. Is there any other reason she might be acting suspicious? Have you talked to her about it? [SEP] I've talked to her about it a lot. At this point, I start to feel whiney. But I don't know what else to do. Avoid it when there's still concern? I'm still not getting the answers I want, and I still have suspicions.	I've talked to her about it a lot. At this point, I start to feel whiney. But I don't know what else to do. Avoid it when there's still concern? I'm still not getting the answers I want, and I still have suspicions.	Maybe you just need to give her some space. Women tend to pull back when they feel like they are being smothered. Either it works or she moves on. No matter which happens you know.
6	I helped one of my close friends lose over 60 pounds last year.	I helped one of my close friends lose over 60 pounds last year.	Wow, you are a true friend. What did you do to help them?
2	I found some photos of my father from when he was my age. [SEP] Thats awesome. Do you look like him? [SEP] I do look a little like a somewhat taller version of him.	I do look a little like a somewhat taller version of him.	That is really nice to have found. I hope you hold onto them in a safe place.
3	I found a wallet and returned it. [SEP] That is very kind of you.  Im sure the owner was very appreciative! [SEP] They were, they had no idea! I can't believe they lost it hiking.	They were, they had no idea! I can't believe they lost it hiking.	If I lost mine hiking I would for sure think it was gone forever.  Hopefully they didnt cancel too many cards before you got it back to them!
0	My old cat is very sick. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that.  How old is the cat? [SEP] She is 23. If she isn't better in a few days, we will have to put her down.	She is 23. If she isn't better in a few days, we will have to put her down.	Ohh no.  That is a long life for a cat, and I know that makes it even harder.  I hope she gets better!
6	I felt trusting when I wnet to the docts	I felt trusting when I wnet to the docts	What happened there?
6	I love watching football. I was sure the Bears were going to win the superbowl in 2006.	I love watching football. I was sure the Bears were going to win the superbowl in 2006.	Ohh cool! I am chief's fan. I don't remember that match. Who won?
7	I finally have a job and paid off the last dollar on my student loans today! [SEP] That is awesome! I cannot wait until my student loans are paid off! [SEP] It is! Its best feeling and is a weight off my shoulders! I am finally content with my finances. 	It is! Its best feeling and is a weight off my shoulders! I am finally content with my finances. 	I am happy for you! 
1	so this past sunday i cooked my first meal for my family. it turned out really good.  [SEP] Oh, that sounds so exciting! What did you make? [SEP] seafood pasta, im so proud of myself. 	seafood pasta, im so proud of myself. 	Oh, sounds yummy! I love seafood. 
0	I lost one hundred dollars today [SEP] Oh no, that's awful! How did it happen? [SEP] I pt it in my back pocket on the way to the store and never saw it again	I pt it in my back pocket on the way to the store and never saw it again	That's awful.
0	I got some bad news from my doctor today. :( All I want to do is cry.  [SEP] Im sorry, but you should still try to remain positive about it [SEP] Thank you. My husband said the same thing. I am trying, but it's hard. 	Thank you. My husband said the same thing. I am trying, but it's hard. 	I know, You just have to take it one day at a time
0	I was surprised at how creative and fleshed out the "Fight Club" characters were on screen...especially after finding out the script was originally a vague short story. [SEP] Oh man, Fight Club is a great movie! I just recently saw it myself and was really surprised too. [SEP] Nice yeah I love how at the beginning there are foreshadowing images of Tyler flashing in and out of frame...pretty unique style of filming	Nice yeah I love how at the beginning there are foreshadowing images of Tyler flashing in and out of frame...pretty unique style of filming	I agree, that movie is definitely ahead of it's time!
6	I went to go visit my sister in Vegas last month.	I went to go visit my sister in Vegas last month.	That would be a great time.  What did you do?
1	I'm ready for the weekend! [SEP] Nice! What are you planning on doing? [SEP] No plans yet, I'm just happy to sleep in	No plans yet, I'm just happy to sleep in	Sounds like the ultimate plan to me. I think I will do the same.
1	When my friend canceled our trip last month, it really hurt me. I was looking forward to ti [SEP] where were you all going to go ? [SEP] We were going to asheville to see a lot of breweries	We were going to asheville to see a lot of breweries	oh that sounds like fun
4	I am excited for the new super smash bros game coming out for the switch soon	I am excited for the new super smash bros game coming out for the switch soon	wow i am happy for you
6	Hello there! So I just finished high school and retook maths in my final year because I didn't do well it the year before [SEP] How did it went? [SEP] Well I got the same result in both years because I'm lazy... so I didn't get into the university I wanted and I let my parents down which was shameful :(	Well I got the same result in both years because I'm lazy... so I didn't get into the university I wanted and I let my parents down which was shameful :(	That is terrible. What are going to do?
2	It makes me depressed seeing homeless people. I wish I could help them but I am going through tough times too. [SEP] You can always give them some money once you get yourself back on your feet. Just keep your head up - things will get better. [SEP] Thank you. I always try to give them a few coins here and there. Maybe even a few bucks.	Thank you. I always try to give them a few coins here and there. Maybe even a few bucks.	If I ever meet you, I will toss a few bucks your way. We all have to help each other out in this tough world.
4	I still use all of my mothers cooking pots. She passed away a few years ago. Its a great reminder of her.	I still use all of my mothers cooking pots. She passed away a few years ago. Its a great reminder of her.	That is so wonderful that you have something of hers.  I'm so sorry you lost her.  That is so difficult.  Did she love cooking?
5	My house is perfect for my family. Just big enough for everyone. I love it. [SEP] That's awesome! I close on my first house Monday! [SEP] How exciting! I love being a homeowner!	How exciting! I love being a homeowner!	I think I will too!
5	I really dislike chocolate cake but my mom got me some. [SEP] What's your favorite kind of cake flavor [SEP] I love vanilla, I was quite let down in that moment.	I love vanilla, I was quite let down in that moment.	Ice ice baby widen your horizons maybe can't identify with the girl or guy who shy's away from chocolate cake b***h u craayy
6	Hi! So recently I applied for this barista job. I've been waiting forever for them to get back to me!	Hi! So recently I applied for this barista job. I've been waiting forever for them to get back to me!	They haven't called you back yet? I hate when that happens, they make you wait by the phone on pins and needles!
8	Hello! I just got a new neighbor who seems very nice. I have to leave town for a bit, and they offered to watch after my pets. I'm going out on a limb doing this but I've accepted their offer.	Hello! I just got a new neighbor who seems very nice. I have to leave town for a bit, and they offered to watch after my pets. I'm going out on a limb doing this but I've accepted their offer.	That sounds risky but at the same time if it works out convenient! 
0	I stole some candy from the store today. [SEP] oh really? why was that? [SEP] I was starving and I needed to eat. But I feel kind of bad about it, since I am sated now.	I was starving and I needed to eat. But I feel kind of bad about it, since I am sated now.	understandable, no one should have to go hungry
6	i loved taking care of my sisters bearded dragon the other day	i loved taking care of my sisters bearded dragon the other day	That sounds like fun but I would be scared. I heard they are friendly tho. First time taking care of it? 
0	I am deathly afraid of rollercoasters	I am deathly afraid of rollercoasters	I am too
1	I asked my friend to get some stuff for a party, I knew I could count on him though.	I asked my friend to get some stuff for a party, I knew I could count on him though.	That's good to be able to depend on others.
3	I get annoyed by my brothers sometimes, but that is life I guess [SEP] How come? What do your brothers do to annoy you? [SEP] just general annoying tactics, stealing my spots, taking showers first, etc	just general annoying tactics, stealing my spots, taking showers first, etc	I hope they don't do it on purpose to annoy you!
6	I have my final exam for Statistics class that i took for summer coming in two days. I feel tense and stressed about it	I have my final exam for Statistics class that i took for summer coming in two days. I feel tense and stressed about it	Have you studied?
1	I don't have much more money to keep living as a college student. But I just have one more year left. After that, hopefully things stabilize. [SEP] It's great that you only have one more year left! What are you getting a degree in? [SEP] Thanks! I appreciate that. I actually am getting a degree in social work. At the moment, I'm just trying not to become the needy/helpless demographic I seek to serve in a career after I graduate	Thanks! I appreciate that. I actually am getting a degree in social work. At the moment, I'm just trying not to become the needy/helpless demographic I seek to serve in a career after I graduate	I totally get that! I am still trying to pay off my student loans. 
6	I run and hide from thunderstorms!	I run and hide from thunderstorms!	are you scared of them or why do you run from them?
4	I really miss going to the park with my grandpa when I was little. [SEP] There really is nothing sweeter than childhood memories. Have you ever been back to that park? [SEP] Not since my grandpa got sick.	Not since my grandpa got sick.	I am so sorry to hear that. I hope he gets better!
4	I recently went to the doctor to run some tests. [SEP] I hope you didnt get any bad news from the doctor. [SEP] I don't know yet but I'm nervous I might have a disease.	I don't know yet but I'm nervous I might have a disease.	I am sorry to hear that. Hopefully its a treatable disease! 
7	I worked really hard at studying for the SAT. I just got my scores back and I scored really high. It made my parents happy.	I worked really hard at studying for the SAT. I just got my scores back and I scored really high. It made my parents happy.	Wonderful! Congratulations! What are you going in too college for?
7	I'm going on date tonight after work. I think its going to go well. [SEP] That is awesome. You sound confident. [SEP] I'm normally not but, I have a good feeling here for some reason.	I'm normally not but, I have a good feeling here for some reason.	Good for you. Good luck. Just remember to have a good time and you will be fine. 
1	i walked out of the restroom on a blind date and my zipper was dowdn [SEP] That's embarrassing, but also funny. How did your date react? [SEP] she noticed but brought it to my attention discreetly....we were on a double date..haha	she noticed but brought it to my attention discreetly....we were on a double date..haha	That is awesome that she didn't make a big scene of it!
4	mmmmm I just had the best meal and I'm super full [SEP] What have you eaten? [SEP] a huge home cooked meal and now I'm lying in bed and I couldn't feel any better	a huge home cooked meal and now I'm lying in bed and I couldn't feel any better	You are living life. 
8	Scrolling through old photos of me and my partner, i understand how much of a mistake I have made to let her go [SEP] That's really rough man. Is there any way you can get her back? [SEP] It has a been a year since our split. I think she has already moved on with her life without me. And I am still trying to move on	It has a been a year since our split. I think she has already moved on with her life without me. And I am still trying to move on	I am sure you'll find somebody in due time. It took me 6 years to find someone after my last relationship, but it happened. It'll happen to you too!
2	I'm going on a flight next week and I haven't been on a plane before	I'm going on a flight next week and I haven't been on a plane before	Well, I'm sure you are super nervous! Of course, I have no doubt all will be well and a new experience for you!
2	I hope I will win the contest I have entered! [SEP] What contest is that? [SEP] I have entered to win a ticket to my favorite amusement park!	I have entered to win a ticket to my favorite amusement park!	I hope you win!
6	Yesterday, I saw my best friend in the park. He was with my ex. [SEP] That's weird. Are they friends? [SEP] No, they are not! I don't know what's going on	No, they are not! I don't know what's going on	Oh, wow. I bet you were upset. Are you going to ask him about it?
0	You ever have a situation where you help someone out and just end up regretting it?	You ever have a situation where you help someone out and just end up regretting it?	yes, that is always a hard situation.  
0	My sister really gets on my nerves. She was supposed to do me a favor	My sister really gets on my nerves. She was supposed to do me a favor	because of my illness i got some frustration too
7	I just applied for financing on a new car. My credit is not well established, but I am praying that I get approved!	I just applied for financing on a new car. My credit is not well established, but I am praying that I get approved!	I wish you the best of luck! 
5	Have you ever felt alone in a crowd. [SEP] Probably once or twice in my life, but I dont go anywhere alone so... :/  [SEP] I sometimes feel this way. It's kinda sad.	I sometimes feel this way. It's kinda sad.	That is really crappy, i think whatever makes you feel that way you should try to figure it out and battle it! You deserve to be happy all the time. 
8	I am getting married tomorrow. So pumped! [SEP] Whoa I hope you guys have a great honeymoon. Make sure to treat your fiancee right! [SEP] Oh I will! It isn't to hard to please a siberian tiger. Ordering her from Russia was very difficult.	Oh I will! It isn't to hard to please a siberian tiger. Ordering her from Russia was very difficult.	Well as long as you have a safe word you should be OK. You also may want to buy some life insurance.
3	I was mad when my brother got in trouble for no reason. My parents punished him for the wrong reasons	I was mad when my brother got in trouble for no reason. My parents punished him for the wrong reasons	That doesn't seem fair, I  hope they changed their ways eventually.
4	I always feel like my life is harder than most. [SEP] Why do you feel that way? [SEP] I have no outside support system.	I have no outside support system.	I am so sorry. I hope you can make friends, try to join some sort of activities to meet people.
8	My dad loved this time of year. So it makes me think of him and miss him [SEP] I'm so sorry to hear that. How long has it been if I may ask? [SEP] He passed away a little over 3 years ago	He passed away a little over 3 years ago	I am very sure he was proud of you, and cherished every moment he could spend with you while he was alive.
7	I just applied for a higher paying position within my company. [SEP] That's cool, what is the position? [SEP] Its for a supervisor position. I really wish that I would get the position, I've been working so hard towards it.	Its for a supervisor position. I really wish that I would get the position, I've been working so hard towards it.	Don't wish, demonstrate. Do something that reflects what type of supervisor you're going to be. People love previews.
6	I am pretty happy we are taking a trip at the end of the month. I am going to need it [SEP] where are you guys going?  [SEP] We are going back home to Louisiana to see friends and family	We are going back home to Louisiana to see friends and family	that's awesome! how long are you staying there? i'm sure you will enjoy your time. i went to mississippi a couple of months ago to see my family, it was so awesome
2	Hi friend, do you have any mailings awaiting you? [SEP] I don't, are you waiting for one? [SEP] I am expecting a letter with my bonus check!	I am expecting a letter with my bonus check!	Nice, I hope you get a nice bonus check!
3	Dang, i messed up today. I spent the last 4 days cramming for this final, but still ended up having to guess on some of the questions on the test. 	Dang, i messed up today. I spent the last 4 days cramming for this final, but still ended up having to guess on some of the questions on the test. 	Well hopefully the 4 days did good and hey guesses are 50-50 right.
8	I have a big certification exam coming up in 3 days and I feel like I'm ready to crush it. [SEP] What is the certification exam for? [SEP] Its the 4th exam of of 7 exams for architecture certification. It allows me to head my own design teams, etc. I have been studying for hours upon hours so I'm ready.	Its the 4th exam of of 7 exams for architecture certification. It allows me to head my own design teams, etc. I have been studying for hours upon hours so I'm ready.	My father was an architect. So I have heard about these exams.
4	I was mad last week when my car would not start. Its always giving me problems [SEP] Did you have to fix it? [SEP] I am going to have to this weekend	I am going to have to this weekend	Oh, sorry to hear that!
1	I am feeling horrible.. I cheated on my husband last week.	I am feeling horrible.. I cheated on my husband last week.	Well, good thing is you realized your mistakes 
8	I'm starting my sophomore year of college in a few days and I can't wait to begin. [SEP] That's awesome. 1 year down. Keep at it, buddy. [SEP] Thanks! Time goes by when you're having a good time. 	Thanks! Time goes by when you're having a good time. 	hahaha I have not heard that from many people.
8	I haven't been sleeping well for a few days now because my husband was on a 30 hour road trip to get our new puppy. [SEP] Oh wow. I know being away from our loved ones can make it hard to sleep. Have you tried to listen to nature sounds? I have an app on my phone and I play rain sounds to help me sleep.  [SEP] That's a great suggestion. Last night I actually did sleep a bit better because I opened the window and was able to listen to outdoor noises like crickets and cicadas. 	That's a great suggestion. Last night I actually did sleep a bit better because I opened the window and was able to listen to outdoor noises like crickets and cicadas. 	I love listening to nature. I live in the country, and could not imagine being in the city. I lived there for a few months, but there was too much traffic and noises that kept me up. I moved back to the country. 
1	One time in freshman year I got invited to this really shady sounding party. [SEP] Oh that sounds kind of worrisome. [SEP] Yeah, we went to check it out even though we were hesitant and it turned out great though. A lot of fun.	Yeah, we went to check it out even though we were hesitant and it turned out great though. A lot of fun.	well thats a relief.
0	Have you ever had to lose a pet?	Have you ever had to lose a pet?	I have. It's definitely awful. It's much like losing a family member.
2	I think I did very good at my interview. I hope they call me back! [SEP] Good luck. That's always nerve racking waiting for them to call. I'm sure you did well though. [SEP] I have a really good feeling about this place though :)	I have a really good feeling about this place though :)	That is really exciting. I bet since you have a good feeling, they will call back.
8	i was at work and when i went out to my car there was a meowing sound [SEP] I know where this is going lol [SEP] do you know? i thought so too [SEP] So it wasn't a kitten? [SEP] i wish! here i am looking all over for a kitten under my car or in the wheel well or up in the engine. but nooooooo! [SEP] What was it? [SEP] a freaking bird squaking about that sounded like a baby kitten in distress.	a freaking bird squaking about that sounded like a baby kitten in distress.	There were some burds fighting under my car once and I thought it was cats.
6	I was pretty confident that I was going to place in the top ten of the marathon	I was pretty confident that I was going to place in the top ten of the marathon	And did you?
3	We were late for the first day of school [SEP] Oh boy, that's not a good start. [SEP] I know. I stayed up too late with sunday tv	I know. I stayed up too late with sunday tv	hahaha I think we've all done that. It's just the first day anyway.
3	I forgot to sign my daughters tuition check.  [SEP] oh how did you miss that? [SEP] I don't know. They were going to send her home on the first day. I dont know why they still want written checks any way	I don't know. They were going to send her home on the first day. I dont know why they still want written checks any way	ah thats so bad!!. You are right in this age we need to get rid of this written checks
6	I came home to a huge pile of dog poop, it was absolutely disgusting.	I came home to a huge pile of dog poop, it was absolutely disgusting.	Ugh, do you know how it got there?
8	My girlfriend dumped me last month. [SEP] i am sorry to hear that. was it a clean break? [SEP] No, it was terrible.  I hate to be all by myself.	No, it was terrible.  I hate to be all by myself.	i can understand that. it is hard at first but then it gets better. 
5	Got into a small car accident the other day. Everybody was fine, both drivers and passengers. It was totally my fault though.. and now I'm worried about the insurance rates afterwards. I'm a college student, and can't afford much more [SEP] That's unfortunate :(  Would it be feasible for you to just sell your car and work with public transportation for a while until you can afford it? [SEP] Not exactly. My major in college requires an internship, and it's kind of far away.. it'd be hard to yo-yo around on public transportation and make sure I can be there on time. Maybe I'll just start selling my body on the street!	Not exactly. My major in college requires an internship, and it's kind of far away.. it'd be hard to yo-yo around on public transportation and make sure I can be there on time. Maybe I'll just start selling my body on the street!	Lol, that might be a bit extreme.  Maybe selling parts of your body, like plasma?
0	I've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. They finally decided to say something about it today. The worst part is I wasn't even close with the name I had been calling them. They're so nice and I felt so bad	I've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. They finally decided to say something about it today. The worst part is I wasn't even close with the name I had been calling them. They're so nice and I felt so bad	Haha I"m terrible with names too.  But for me there are only 2 types of people: ones that are memorable and ones that are boring and if you're boring I definitely won't remember who the hell you are
3	I found 5 packs of gluten free cookies on clearance at my grocery store yesterday. [SEP] Wow, that doesn't happen very often. Well done. Those things are normally quite expensive, aren't they? [SEP] YES! I am intolerant of gluten and just want to die when I am on it, so it's always a good day when I can find cheap food that is also good for me! I am easily pleased lol. I love clearance stuff! [SEP] Me too. Clearance is the first place I head for in the store! It must be so difficult to be gluten intolerant - seems as if there's gluten in everything these days. [SEP] Oh there is :( I do eat it now and again but it seems to really screw up my weight loss and digestion so I try never to get near it. They have great gluten free alternatives but yep they are all expensive.  [SEP] Something I found which helped me lots was to eat e.g. bread made from organic wheat. So long as I don't overindulge I'm fine - fingers crossed. [SEP] Organic helps me a lot as well but unfortunately most things that are gluten free are NOT organic and I am so sensitive to pesticides- Trying to find my way around that, I am also on Keto (low carb-...So my diet is hard some days !lol	Organic helps me a lot as well but unfortunately most things that are gluten free are NOT organic and I am so sensitive to pesticides- Trying to find my way around that, I am also on Keto (low carb-...So my diet is hard some days !lol	Boy, you are having a tough time. Someone suggested buying imported pasta from Italy as the wheat doesn't have the same pesticides sprayed on it as us wheat. Dunno if it works tho'.
4	I am very disappointed in myself. I failed my driving test today for the second time. Can't get a car as i need a license	I am very disappointed in myself. I failed my driving test today for the second time. Can't get a car as i need a license	Oh no, I am so sorry. How long do you have to wait to take it again?
3	A lot of people have doubts, but I'm really hopeful for America's future!	A lot of people have doubts, but I'm really hopeful for America's future!	i am too, i think we are headed in a better direction!
3	I let my teenage son borrow my car and he crashed it! [SEP] Oh no, so sorry. Was your son okay? [SEP] Yes, but he destroyed my BMW i8, which I had saved for years to buy!	Yes, but he destroyed my BMW i8, which I had saved for years to buy!	Thats so unfortunate. I hope he learnt he's lesson. On the brighter side is that your son is okay.
8	I am upset the Jonas Brothers broke up.	I am upset the Jonas Brothers broke up.	They did!  That is so terrible!
5	Checked out my old yearbook. It was so much easier making friends back then. [SEP] Yes typically kids are nicer and more open. Adults have so many secrets and issues :) [SEP] Yea, I guess that happens with time. Wish it wasn't so though.	Yea, I guess that happens with time. Wish it wasn't so though.	I here you! But it's better to make a good friend then many that aren't that good. Maybe try church or meetups?
1	I saw someone using a trashcan as a drum set on the street yesterday. I was inspired because they were so efficient with what they had!	I saw someone using a trashcan as a drum set on the street yesterday. I was inspired because they were so efficient with what they had!	thats cool.. take any pics?
1	I lost my wallet at a store that I frequent near my home. [SEP] Oh no. Did you get it back? [SEP] I didn't. I can't believe no one returned it. Now I have to replace verything	I didn't. I can't believe no one returned it. Now I have to replace verything	That's such a shame. It really makes you lose your trust in people.
1	i hate when people think they can blatenly just flirt with your partner	i hate when people think they can blatenly just flirt with your partner	Yeah that's annoying.  Welcome to the problems of having an attactive mate.
1	My husband is installing a wood boiler for our home to heat our house this Winter. I'm so impressed with him because he's doing it all on his own. [SEP] That is impressive.  Is he normally pretty handy? [SEP] Very! He surprises me every day with the amount of knowledge he has. He can fix anything!	Very! He surprises me every day with the amount of knowledge he has. He can fix anything!	Thats so awesome! I want to get to that point some day.
7	My brother broke his leg a few months ago, and I took care of him to make sure he was okay.  [SEP] I pray he gets well soon. I had a similar experience so I know how it feels [SEP] He is almost healed up, but it was nice to take care of him to spend more time together. We usually dont get along. 	He is almost healed up, but it was nice to take care of him to spend more time together. We usually dont get along. 	Great, congratulations
1	My parents are coming to stay with us next week.	My parents are coming to stay with us next week.	That is nice of them.
6	I am very proud of my daughters.	I am very proud of my daughters.	Oh yeah? Why is that?
8	My last relationship seemed to going so well until she basically flat out ghosted me. [SEP] Sorry dude, thats rough. Do you know why she did that? [SEP] Not at all, I guess she just found another dude on Tinder or something.	Not at all, I guess she just found another dude on Tinder or something.	Women. Keep strong dude, theres someone out there for you.
1	I left my son with a baby sitter for the first time recently. [SEP] Awww. I remember the first time I left my son with the babysitter. So many emotions. How old is he? [SEP] He's 18 months.  It went pretty well!  I think it was worse for me than him haha	He's 18 months.  It went pretty well!  I think it was worse for me than him haha	I bet it was! I am glad you survived. lol
5	I thought a free trial date was Aug 10th, not the 8th so I was charged last night! [SEP] Oh, that sucks. It has happened to me before too. [SEP] It was the first day at MIDNIGHT for a month of software though and I hadn't even touched it most of the free trial and I deleted my acct so I can't use it anyway. They don't have a PHONE number and the CS rep was SO nasty and said I couldn't be refunded on a software I am not even USING and I was JUSt charged! I couldn't believe how nasty the rep was! I wanted to smack her!	It was the first day at MIDNIGHT for a month of software though and I hadn't even touched it most of the free trial and I deleted my acct so I can't use it anyway. They don't have a PHONE number and the CS rep was SO nasty and said I couldn't be refunded on a software I am not even USING and I was JUSt charged! I couldn't believe how nasty the rep was! I wanted to smack her!	I'm sorry for how she treated you. Even if she couldn't refund the money, she could have been more polite. Maybe you could talk to someone else and try to download it again so that you at least have the software.
4	I had a memory pop up on my facebook the other day it was a photo of my hands, and my moms hand. I was taking care of her during her last days. 	I had a memory pop up on my facebook the other day it was a photo of my hands, and my moms hand. I was taking care of her during her last days. 	Oh my god! That is so sad! I am so sorry!
7	When I broke my arm in the past, I just knew mt brother was going to get me to the hospital. I had all the faith in the world [SEP] did he get you there? [SEP] He did, and I was okay in the end	He did, and I was okay in the end	oh thats good
0	I had tried chatting up this cute German girl at a hostel I used to live at but she just kept ignoring me.  I thought she hated me until she just opened up one night...and let me get to second base...mind blown I've just accepted I'll never understand women  [SEP] Well, go ahead, know that women are an art, that you get many attempts [SEP] Yes the thrill lies in their unpredictability...no offense if you're a woman	Yes the thrill lies in their unpredictability...no offense if you're a woman	quiet, we're like that ... you're right
5	seeing your love one dying frightened me. I cant control myself to think about it. [SEP] What even made you think about that? [SEP] well, for one I am not prepared and for two this is the first time I felt this.  	well, for one I am not prepared and for two this is the first time I felt this.  	Think of positive thinks instead, you have control over that.
2	I went to the county fair last night. [SEP] Sounds fun.  What did you do there? [SEP] We listened to some music, rode a few rides, and viewed the exhibits.	We listened to some music, rode a few rides, and viewed the exhibits.	I have always enjoyed the fair.  Glad you got to go and have a good time.
4	Can't believe I failed that test.	Can't believe I failed that test.	Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. What kind of test was it?
4	My girlfriend dumped me last month.	My girlfriend dumped me last month.	i am sorry to hear that. was it a clean break?
3	I  provide for a family of 8. It's tiring but rewarding	I  provide for a family of 8. It's tiring but rewarding	Wow! The struggle is real. I hope you're not too tired and stressed. I wish you luck for being so selfless! 
0	I just moved to a new country. I know no one. [SEP] do you feel confortable in the new contry? maybe you should download an app to meat people [SEP] I feel ok, I am busy working so not a lot of time to meet new people.	I feel ok, I am busy working so not a lot of time to meet new people.	i can understand my work does not allow me to do much as well
2	i was happy to get the weekend off [SEP] Weekends off are always great.  What did you do with your time? [SEP] went to the coast	went to the coast	Sounds fun.  I hope you had a good time!
4	I had an argument and lost my temper.	I had an argument and lost my temper.	I'm sorry to hear that. We're all human, and that does happen sometimes. I guess all you can do is do your best to not say or do anything you can't take back. Is everything resolved now?
7	My niece can't swim but has is staying with us for a bit and we have a pool.  Her skills are increasing and her confidence is soaring! [SEP] thats awesome .. how long has she been learning? [SEP] Just today and yesterday.  She is 8 and hasn't had access to water as she lives in the mountains.  She has gone from not being able to touch the bottom with her hand to picking up dive sticks and even swimming over the ladder in the deep end.	Just today and yesterday.  She is 8 and hasn't had access to water as she lives in the mountains.  She has gone from not being able to touch the bottom with her hand to picking up dive sticks and even swimming over the ladder in the deep end.	keep up the good work.
4	When I hear some songs I remember my time in high school [SEP] What was high school like for you? [SEP] I got bullied really badly, but some of my bullies apologized after	I got bullied really badly, but some of my bullies apologized after	Oh, that's awful. I'm really sorry. So do the songs bring back bad memories?
7	Got to work and ...Boom! It was my birthday 	Got to work and ...Boom! It was my birthday 	Wow,happy belated birthday,make sure you have a blast.
5	I have my final math exam tomorrow. I've been studying for weeks! [SEP] Are you confident you will pass? [SEP] I am! I have never felt this good about a test in my life.	I am! I have never felt this good about a test in my life.	Well you got this then
1	I bought a lottery ticket and won a prize. I never win so this was unexpected [SEP] Woah! That is great news. Have you told anyone yet? [SEP] I could not help myself I told everyone.	I could not help myself I told everyone.	I don't blame you at all. You just received life changing news.
3	MY neighbors have been moving in for a month [SEP] Wow that is a long time. Why is it taking so long? [SEP] I don't know but they bring in furniture almost every day. And they do it late at night. It;s annoying	I don't know but they bring in furniture almost every day. And they do it late at night. It;s annoying	That is pretty annoying for sure. I hope they get moved in so they stop bothering you.
2	The other night I got woke up from a noise I heard outside. I was so scared.  [SEP] oh damn.. what was it? [SEP] It was some guys fighting, but women were screaming and my god it was intense. 	It was some guys fighting, but women were screaming and my god it was intense. 	i hope the cops took care of it
3	I am feeling very stressed out. I have been waiting to hear back on some test results. [SEP] Oh I am sorry to hear that. What was the test? [SEP] It was some blood work and testing insulin levels. I worry about my health a lot.	It was some blood work and testing insulin levels. I worry about my health a lot.	I hope everything turns out well for you.
7	I just proposed to my girlfriend and she said yes!	I just proposed to my girlfriend and she said yes!	Congratulations! When is the wedding?
1	My son and I just checked out a gym he wants to join. The owner has built a really nice business for himself. It was really cool.	My son and I just checked out a gym he wants to join. The owner has built a really nice business for himself. It was really cool.	That's pretty neat. It's always good to hear that people are getting fit to feel swell about themselves.
0	I don't have a laundry washer or dryer in my apartment. So my mom comes by every week and picks up my smelly clothes. I am very thankful for her. [SEP] That's pretty sweet of her. Some people would find it annoying that their parents still want to baby them, but I say you shouldn't take it for granted. They just want to be in your life. [SEP] I agree. She is very helpful	I agree. She is very helpful	Well, let her know here and there how much you appreciate it. Sometimes we forget that even though we think and feel certain things, it's not always obvious to the other person. They need some verbal confirmation of appreciation!
4	Last week I had to put my dog to sleep.  It was really sad because I had him for 16 years.	Last week I had to put my dog to sleep.  It was really sad because I had him for 16 years.	Oh no. I am so sorry. That is so hard. My daughters cat got run over like a week after we had him. :( What was your dog's name?
1	Hey, how's it going? I was just thinking about my highschool days & I got really emotional. [SEP] Aw, really? Was it a long time ago, or did you graduate recently? [SEP] Oh, it was a loooooong time ago, actually. I was just remembering all the good times when I was a cheerleader, all the games we won & lost & all the great friendships.	Oh, it was a loooooong time ago, actually. I was just remembering all the good times when I was a cheerleader, all the games we won & lost & all the great friendships.	I graduated a long time ago too -- 1985. Those were great times for me too. I feel sentimental about it.
0	i had to send my plate back at the restaurant today [SEP] Why? [SEP] the chicken was still very pink in the middle	the chicken was still very pink in the middle	That is definitely a no- no
4	Leaving home makes me feel unhappy [SEP] That makes me so sad. Why is that so? [SEP] I have to be away and I am not able to play with my son	I have to be away and I am not able to play with my son	yes that can be a huge problem. I'm so sorry you're having to go through that.
4	I expected a hike in my package.	I expected a hike in my package.	A hike in your package? I'm sorry, I don't follow. As in how long it would take to get there to you?
6	I have a good feeling about tomorrow. I think its going to be fun	I have a good feeling about tomorrow. I think its going to be fun	ohh good for you. But why is that?
4	My manager keep lying about a promotion that he promised.	My manager keep lying about a promotion that he promised.	I am sorry to hear that.  How long has he been promising you the promotion?
0	I pray that the sun rises for another day for me. [SEP] Stay positive and hopeful! What's wrong ? [SEP] I gave everything I had to my relationship with another human, and in the end I was just thrown away. I can only pray it'll get better.	I gave everything I had to my relationship with another human, and in the end I was just thrown away. I can only pray it'll get better.	I know that feeling of getting used. I hope we both find solice
0	I'm jealous of people who get to live in a warm climate all year long. [SEP] Oh trust me, there's nothing to be jealous about! The heat is KILLER where I live. [SEP] Where do you live? Do you have warm winters?	Where do you live? Do you have warm winters?	I live in central Louisiana in the US. Our winters never really get THAT cold. I'd say coldest is 25 degrees Fahrenheit.
1	i cant wait for next week! [SEP] What's happening? [SEP] the kids are returning to school	the kids are returning to school	Oh yeah!  Mine started this week.  Its been great. ha ha
6	My sister had a heart attack recently. I didn't see it coming because this is her first.	My sister had a heart attack recently. I didn't see it coming because this is her first.	Thats awful! Is she changing her diet?
4	I had to put my dog to sleep yesterday.	I had to put my dog to sleep yesterday.	So sorry to hear that. You must feel sad.
0	I am so thankful for all the help I received after my mom passed away. I was able to overcome my grief thanks to all my friends and family :)  [SEP] I'm so sorry to hear about your mom, but it's great that you had such support to help you through. [SEP] Yeah, they have been so supportive these last few years. I really love them and am so grateful to have them! 	Yeah, they have been so supportive these last few years. I really love them and am so grateful to have them! 	Having a strong support system is so important in life.  Don't know what I would do without my friends.
4	I was really annoyed today.  I walked outside to get something from my car and a friend was just hanging out in my driveway with some people I didn't even know. [SEP] This is how you deal with such people,put him off. Reprimand such bad behaviors. [SEP] You are probably right, however I didn't.  I just joined in the conversation for a few minutes and then they left.	You are probably right, however I didn't.  I just joined in the conversation for a few minutes and then they left.	You joined the group,don't complain next time lol
7	I took my dog on a walk without his leash! I felt scared he would run off but he did great! [SEP] Sounds like your dog had fun. [SEP] He was very excited about it. I feel like he minds me more than ever.	He was very excited about it. I feel like he minds me more than ever.	It's good that you are able to discipline your dog.
4	My wife left me and I have no one else.	My wife left me and I have no one else.	I am so sorry to hear that. 
2	Can't wait to go the movies tonight with my family, I love family movie night! [SEP] That sounds really great! What movie are you going to see? [SEP] We are going to see Hotel Transylvania, I heard it was a great family movie. 	We are going to see Hotel Transylvania, I heard it was a great family movie. 	It really is! I hope that you have a good time!
0	This tax war that US has started is borthering me because prices are now increasing because of it. [SEP] Yeah it sucks. I have noticed it too. [SEP] Trump doesn't care about the lower and middle class. We are paying the prices of his actions.	Trump doesn't care about the lower and middle class. We are paying the prices of his actions.	I know and it is really sad.
5	i am happy that the kids return to school next week	i am happy that the kids return to school next week	I think a lot of parents are!
4	I might not be able to make a trip at the end of the month. It makes me feel pretty bad	I might not be able to make a trip at the end of the month. It makes me feel pretty bad	I'm sorry to hear that! What's stopping you from taking the trip?
0	it upset me when i saw my food was taken out of the fridge at work today [SEP] Oh no! Did you end up finding out who did it? [SEP] nope.. it happens all the time at work	nope.. it happens all the time at work	I would go to HR about it and let them know. 
6	Another one of my friends is getting married.	Another one of my friends is getting married.	That is terrible, have you told him how bad that will be?
4	I had an awesome dog named rusty as a kid. He was such a good dog.  [SEP] what kind of dog whas Rusty? [SEP] He was an Australian shepheard. We used him to herd our sheep.  [SEP] that is awesome. we all deserve to have an amazing dog as a kid [SEP] Yeah he really was a great do and I miss him alot	Yeah he really was a great do and I miss him alot	i'm sorry he is no longer with you but at least you have great memories of him
6	I felt sad that I was not asked to be the bridesmaid at a close friends wedding	I felt sad that I was not asked to be the bridesmaid at a close friends wedding	That is unfortunate, how long have you been friends with this person?
5	We are really wanting wanting to buy a newer and bigger vehicle, but we're not sure if we can afford it.	We are really wanting wanting to buy a newer and bigger vehicle, but we're not sure if we can afford it.	Oh no. Maybe you can find one that is used, or even rebuilt. I got my car for 75% less than what I would've paid from a car dealer!
8	I am going back to school this semester and decided to get everything ready well in advance.  [SEP] Good for you. Being prepared is half the work of academia.  [SEP] Yeah, I try to stay as organized as possible. It helps stay on top of things.	Yeah, I try to stay as organized as possible. It helps stay on top of things.	It's hard to do, but so important. I'm not super smart, but I'm organized as heck. It makes a difference. 
5	I had a huge craving for ice cream the other day but I never got any. [SEP] What is your favorite ice cream? [SEP] I really like chocolate but I didn't make it to the store in time and they were already closed. 	I really like chocolate but I didn't make it to the store in time and they were already closed. 	Oh that is unfortunate, maybe next time
4	I killed my family and fed them to pigs. [SEP] oh dear. Are you ok? [SEP] I feel a bit guilty. One of the pigs died of food poisoning and it was all my fault.	I feel a bit guilty. One of the pigs died of food poisoning and it was all my fault.	oh no. sorry to hear about your pig.
8	Every payday im so happy, then i pay all my bills and left with but a few bucks , and i think .... welcome to the real world  [SEP] That's how it works, for most of us lol [SEP] ah lifes beautiful that way lol	ah lifes beautiful that way lol	If only they had told us sooner.
5	Found someone's scarf the other day and returned it to her. She completely bawled. [SEP] that was nice of you [SEP] It was just a scarf. Didn't think it would have such value for her.	It was just a scarf. Didn't think it would have such value for her.	it could have been sentimental. like a gift from someone special
6	My coworkers threw a party for me recently.	My coworkers threw a party for me recently.	That was very nice of them. Was it for a special occasion?
6	My parents reminded me of this time from when I was younger and got sent to the principals office	My parents reminded me of this time from when I was younger and got sent to the principals office	Lol are they still holdig that against you?
6	I found out a very simple part to my lawn mower is VERY expensive from all the mower parts places. 	I found out a very simple part to my lawn mower is VERY expensive from all the mower parts places. 	Which part
8	My dad was recently diagnosed with diabetes. I'm really worried what this will mean for his health going forward. He's in his mid-60's and I want him to live as long as possible, but this obviously gets in the way of that.	My dad was recently diagnosed with diabetes. I'm really worried what this will mean for his health going forward. He's in his mid-60's and I want him to live as long as possible, but this obviously gets in the way of that.	My dad has diabetes too but he was born with it. I heard veggies help a lot.
6	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the weekend off	Do you normally have to work on weekends? What did you do? 
0	I am so hype for the new super smash bros, are you a fan of the series? [SEP] Yes! My husband and I bought the old school Nintendo and played a couple of months back. [SEP] Those games still hold up, their style is timeless, such a commendable move	Those games still hold up, their style is timeless, such a commendable move	They are, I really enjoyed playing them. We also played Donkey Kong.
2	I think today is going to be a good day. [SEP] I sure hope so. Why do you think that it will be a good day? [SEP] It started off well.  I made a good breakfast. I've got some good coffee and the weather is supposed to be nice.	It started off well.  I made a good breakfast. I've got some good coffee and the weather is supposed to be nice.	Yep, it sounds like you are starting your day off on the right foot.  Hope mine goes as well as yours seems to be going so far.
4	I cheated on my best friend.	I cheated on my best friend.	Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, you seem upset about it.
2	I've been with my wife for 13 years. [SEP] That is very sweet [SEP] Thank you. She's the love of my life.	Thank you. She's the love of my life.	I hope to have that one day
3	Kind of bummed now since I was supposed to meet my best friend later tonight, but he got stuck at work suddenly.	Kind of bummed now since I was supposed to meet my best friend later tonight, but he got stuck at work suddenly.	oh wow, that does suck! Hopefully you can push it to another day this week.
2	Whenever I see a newborn baby I always think about how I wish their life will be happy and long.	Whenever I see a newborn baby I always think about how I wish their life will be happy and long.	That is really sweet, I saw someone tweet about a baby laughing on the beach for 15 minutes today. Happy babies are fun 
1	My son wasted juice all over my couch [SEP] oh no. im sure it was an accident. is he young? [SEP] 4. I wasnt made that he wasted it really, I had just gotten it cleaned though.	4. I wasnt made that he wasted it really, I had just gotten it cleaned though.	i would have been upset for both reasons. especially after just having it cleaned
6	I went to a hot rod show yesterday and saw a bunch of classic mustangs.	I went to a hot rod show yesterday and saw a bunch of classic mustangs.	Cool, do you like older cars?
6	Before signing the contract, the landlord made promises that he will do some reparations but he never kept his word.	Before signing the contract, the landlord made promises that he will do some reparations but he never kept his word.	What a bummer. Landlords suck for the most part. 
5	When I think of the future, I am very positive. [SEP] That's good! I think a lot of older people are pessimistic about the future, but I grew up on technology and am excited to see what new stuff comes out. [SEP] Agreed! I'm just excited for what tomorrow may hold. The future is bright!	Agreed! I'm just excited for what tomorrow may hold. The future is bright!	I think we need more people like you in society.
3	I lost over 10k in an investment. [SEP] Yikes, high risk investment? [SEP] I guess you could call it that. It was reliable until it wasn't.	I guess you could call it that. It was reliable until it wasn't.	Is it something that can recover over time? I hope so
7	I am not looking forward to my surgery. [SEP] oh that must be scary [SEP] Yes. There is a 10 percent chance I could die.	Yes. There is a 10 percent chance I could die.	wow well good luck
4	I am very upset and a bit disgusted by that the person I live with still doesn't like paying bills. You have to pay bills to have things	I am very upset and a bit disgusted by that the person I live with still doesn't like paying bills. You have to pay bills to have things	I am sorry, roommates can be annoying sometimes
8	last day ,in my office my chief scolded me very rustic way for the unnecessary reason.it was so irrirtating [SEP] Why? What happened? [SEP] my assistant took some files in a wrong table.that was a simple mistake and he scolded me for this.	my assistant took some files in a wrong table.that was a simple mistake and he scolded me for this.	Wow, what the heck. Tell your chief it was your assistant who did it
0	I'm such a dummy, I left a door open in my car overnight and now the battery is dead.	I'm such a dummy, I left a door open in my car overnight and now the battery is dead.	This happened to me! Don't feel bad, it happens to people such as us!
5	So I was finally convinced to try rock climbing this weekend for the first time.  I do not like heights at all. [SEP] Are you nervous about it? Hope it goes well. [SEP] I am very scared I must admit.  I am sure it will be fine, but I would rather be on the ground.	I am very scared I must admit.  I am sure it will be fine, but I would rather be on the ground.	Well maybe you should start with a small slope and work your way up. Don't terrify yourself.
6	My dog can now shake hands on command. [SEP] I love when my dog does that.  Did it take you long to train him. [SEP] Not long at all. Once she figures out what you want its pretty easy to get her to remember.	Not long at all. Once she figures out what you want its pretty easy to get her to remember.	How do you reward her?
0	My mother in law always lies and exaggerates things.  Sometimes the same story is told two different ways to both my husband and I.	My mother in law always lies and exaggerates things.  Sometimes the same story is told two different ways to both my husband and I.	I'm glad you and your husband communicate enough to know that!
4	I live in a really hot climate and I'm a really sweaty person [SEP] That must be really hard to deal with.   have you tried an aluminum free deodorant?  It helps me  [SEP] That might help my arms, but one time I sweat so much on the way to the store that I had a big sweat stain on my butt!	That might help my arms, but one time I sweat so much on the way to the store that I had a big sweat stain on my butt!	I am sorry you have to deal with that.   I am lucky because I don't sweat that much.  Can't imagine having to deal with that.  I hope you find something that can help you
0	School is starting soon. Getting that nervous feeling of being back in college again and having to make sure I can keep up with all of my assignments.	School is starting soon. Getting that nervous feeling of being back in college again and having to make sure I can keep up with all of my assignments.	I completely understand.  I will be starting law school myself very soon. 
5	My cubicle neighbor at work really bothers me. He eats all day long and is always chewing loud foods with his mouth open! I can barely think with him chomping like a cow!	My cubicle neighbor at work really bothers me. He eats all day long and is always chewing loud foods with his mouth open! I can barely think with him chomping like a cow!	I hate that. That's one of my biggest pet peeves. That's such an awkward situation, because you don't want to come off as high maintenance and ask them to stop, but it'd be so easy for them to have better manners, too. I wish I had better advice. Maybe go to HR?
7	Im feeling a little bad about what I did maybe I shouldnt maybe I should idk.  [SEP] I'll be the judge of that [SEP] My wife and I both needed new phones, but I could only afford 1 and I ended up buying 1 for myself. I am going to buy her one in a few months but I still feel real bad about it.  [SEP] That's nothing. As long as you still get her a phone. I wouldnt be mad [SEP] Yeah but I can feel the tension! 	Yeah but I can feel the tension! 	Well give her the new phone and then you get one later. Happy wife happy life
2	Least year I took my final performance exam for my pilot's license.  I thought it was going to be easy.  I was wrong.	Least year I took my final performance exam for my pilot's license.  I thought it was going to be easy.  I was wrong.	Oh man I bet that is a very difficult test. I can't believe how many instruments are in a cockpit!
7	I jumped for joy when my baby was born. [SEP] wow that must have been a huge moment for you [SEP] Yes, it is my first child.	Yes, it is my first child.	well good for you
6	I just purchased my first home.	I just purchased my first home.	Wow! That's exciting! Was it what you were looking for?
6	I went to the casino just to eat yesterday. [SEP] I love eating at casino's. They have some of the best food. [SEP] I know. I went with my mom and got so caught up in gambling I didnt even get to eat.	I know. I went with my mom and got so caught up in gambling I didnt even get to eat.	Did you win anything?
7	I asked my friend to get some stuff for a party, I knew I could count on him though. [SEP] It's great to be able to have that trust and bond. Did everything go well? [SEP] Yeah the birthday party went really well, glad to have him as a friend.	Yeah the birthday party went really well, glad to have him as a friend.	That's good to hear, all well that ends well.
5	I miss my childhood dog so much. We had such fun adventures together. Those were the best days.	I miss my childhood dog so much. We had such fun adventures together. Those were the best days.	I could imagine. Dogs are amazing.
5	I was ready to fly to Japan this morning, and when I arrived the airline had given away my seat to someone else! [SEP] What?! I would have been livid! Did they compensate you? [SEP] Yes I was livid! I was only 10 minutes late. They offered me the next flight, which is not until tomorrow afternoon. I get a hotel and free meals.	Yes I was livid! I was only 10 minutes late. They offered me the next flight, which is not until tomorrow afternoon. I get a hotel and free meals.	ohhhhh maybe turn it into a little vacation
1	I am super frustrated that someone I know keeps ruining their life. [SEP] That's unfortunate.  Especially when there's nothing you can do to stop it. [SEP] Yep! They keep repeating the same bad mistakes to destroy everything, anytime anything good happens.	Yep! They keep repeating the same bad mistakes to destroy everything, anytime anything good happens.	It can be a vicious cycle. I've seen it before.
8	I was so upset when Michael Jackson died.	I was so upset when Michael Jackson died.	It was really sad. He was a really good artist.
7	I was able to go buy a dog bed today and a few others things I needed/wanted. [SEP] Ooh, that's awesome. It's great when you can spend a little extra on the fun things. [SEP] I haven't always been able to do that. It's nice to be able to get stuff when you are all set with bills and making a comfortable income. I know right?	I haven't always been able to do that. It's nice to be able to get stuff when you are all set with bills and making a comfortable income. I know right?	Congratulations, I'm glad to hear you've been able to accomplish that for yourself. :)
7	Ive been working very hard at work to get a promotion and I finally got it!  [SEP] How big of an advance was it? [SEP] Decent! Manager position and I am pleased with it for sure! 	Decent! Manager position and I am pleased with it for sure! 	Awesome, that is great, congratulations!
2	A few days ago I took my personal training certification test. I really thought I did horribly, but today I got my results in the mail and I scored a 98%! [SEP] wow thats a great score! [SEP] Thanks. I'm so stoked! I guess I shouldn't doubt myself; I did study pretty hard.	Thanks. I'm so stoked! I guess I shouldn't doubt myself; I did study pretty hard.	hard work pays off as they say.
3	I stole candy from the candy store yesterday. [SEP] did you feel like being spontaneous or just did it for the thrill of it [SEP] I just did it because I wanted some candy, but now I feel kinda bad about it.	I just did it because I wanted some candy, but now I feel kinda bad about it.	next time you go in, put the money of the candy into one of those charity cans
3	i broke my expensive favorite pair of glasses. im blind without them [SEP] Oh no, what are going to do? [SEP] i am livid...i have contact lenses. but i love my glasses	i am livid...i have contact lenses. but i love my glasses	I hope they can fix your glasses.
0	last year i had put a nice chunk of change into crypto-currencies like bitcoin... although they went up in value a great deal, they have came back down before i actually took any profits. feels bad!	last year i had put a nice chunk of change into crypto-currencies like bitcoin... although they went up in value a great deal, they have came back down before i actually took any profits. feels bad!	I watched that happen. Been thinking about doing some research on trading with bitcoin.
0	it was impressive to see lebron sign with the lakers	it was impressive to see lebron sign with the lakers	I agree. I'm sure Lakers fans are thrilled!
5	I'm going on a flight next week and I haven't been on a plane before [SEP] Well, I'm sure you are super nervous! Of course, I have no doubt all will be well and a new experience for you! [SEP] You're right it makes me quite nervous and scared, but I'm going to try and get through it!	You're right it makes me quite nervous and scared, but I'm going to try and get through it!	Yes, and worse case, perhaps you can carry something on board to help relax your nerves, just in case. There's always alcohol too!
5	My boss wants to talk to me after lunch. I don't know what it could be about.	My boss wants to talk to me after lunch. I don't know what it could be about.	It could be something good maybe.
8	I've got a good job, my cat and lots of books. I am pretty happy [SEP] I would be happy too if I had that. What kind of cat do you have? [SEP] He's a tabby cat I think. He was a stray when my brother found him.	He's a tabby cat I think. He was a stray when my brother found him.	Aw, well it's good that you guys took him in. You're a kind sould.
7	The most beautiful thing in the whole world have just happened to me  [SEP] That sounds really exciting? what was it? [SEP] I just adopted a son :)	I just adopted a son :)	Congratulations.  Thats awesome.  I hope you give him the world
0	Why do I have to explain to everyone about my preferences? [SEP] What preferences do you mean? You shouldn't have to say your truth to anyone. [SEP] you know, man and woman thing but I am a woman and I prefer women	you know, man and woman thing but I am a woman and I prefer women	There's nothing wrong with that and it's a shame people even question you about that.
7	I have a sales meeting tomorrow. I think I knew what to expect to. [SEP] Are you looking forward to it or nah? [SEP] I think I am going to do well so yes	I think I am going to do well so yes	Well good. Then good luck tomorrow and knock 'em dead!
3	I am super frustrated that someone I know keeps ruining their life.	I am super frustrated that someone I know keeps ruining their life.	That's unfortunate.  Especially when there's nothing you can do to stop it.
8	I was scrolling through Twitch the other day and saw someone playing Super Mario 64. I had to start watching right away because that was probably the first video game I ever played! [SEP] did it feel nostalgic?  [SEP] Very much! My dad and I used to play it all the time when I was little. We would compete to see who could get the most stars.	Very much! My dad and I used to play it all the time when I was little. We would compete to see who could get the most stars.	you sure had a fun childhood!
2	My bus didn't show up on time and I had stand out in the rain for an extra 20 minutes earlier. [SEP] That's odd... Usually buses are always on time. Maybe the weather had something to do with it. I'm sorry to hear that happened to you. All dried off now? [SEP] I'm on a pretty bad bus line, though it would make sense if it was the weather. Yes, all dried off now, thanks!	I'm on a pretty bad bus line, though it would make sense if it was the weather. Yes, all dried off now, thanks!	Glad to hear it. Hopefully you didn't have any electronics with you... That would be my worst nightmare!
5	 I used to be afraid of the dark but now I am not so much, I had a nightlight for a long time	 I used to be afraid of the dark but now I am not so much, I had a nightlight for a long time	I think a lot of us have been afraid of the dark.
3	So I was told I am being taken on a trip to the beach as a gift... pretty exciting.  [SEP] Where are you going ? [SEP] They are taking me to the keys in FL! Unexpected.	They are taking me to the keys in FL! Unexpected.	Oh, that should be nice. I hope you have fun.
0	I was so scared during the new shark movie. I had to look away several times! [SEP] I hate shark movies too. That's why I refuse to swim in the ocean. [SEP] I know, I always get freaked out when I go to the beach!	I know, I always get freaked out when I go to the beach!	The only way I'll get in is if I'm too drunk to care if I get eaten lol
6	I have been studying for my math final all this week. I am going to knock it out of the park!	I have been studying for my math final all this week. I am going to knock it out of the park!	That is great to hear. Are you good at math?
3	I entered a writing contest. I thought I might have a chance to be a finalist. I was excited.  [SEP] Oh boy, how did it go? [SEP] I was a finalist. It was so exciting. Even though I didn't win, it had a lot of advantages. 	I was a finalist. It was so exciting. Even though I didn't win, it had a lot of advantages. 	Congrats, that's a real accomplishment!
6	Sometimes I'll forget to feed my dog. I can't help but feel bad about it... [SEP] That's not good at all [SEP] Yeah I feel super guilty	Yeah I feel super guilty	Can't you just leave food out? Or set an alarm on your phone?
4	A pit bull was chasing me as I was walking home. [SEP] Oh my lord, I would have been terrified. Are you okay? [SEP] Yes but I was scared I was going to die.	Yes but I was scared I was going to die.	I am glad to hear you are okay.
2	I am looking forward to the new football season. [SEP] Me too. Who do you support? [SEP] I am a Cowboys fan.  I can't wait for it!	I am a Cowboys fan.  I can't wait for it!	I hope they do well for you
1	When I woke up this morning there was a wasp in my bedroom	When I woke up this morning there was a wasp in my bedroom	Oh, I would've freaked out
0	My son just said his first words this weekend.  They just came out of nowhere.	My son just said his first words this weekend.  They just came out of nowhere.	Well, that's wonderful and I know it really is so great to hear your child's first words!
0	I really wish I had a car, especially seeing one of my friends that has three.	I really wish I had a car, especially seeing one of my friends that has three.	yea i know what you mean, austin should share
3	We used to be best friends but when she became president she started excluding me from everything [SEP] Who did , tell me more [SEP] The president did. It's like the title went to her head and now she's super snotty.	The president did. It's like the title went to her head and now she's super snotty.	well thats not nice I hope she stars treating you better
7	i loved taking care of my sisters bearded dragon [SEP] I have always wanted one of those! They are very charming. [SEP] yea they are a nice pet to have [SEP] What is his name? [SEP] spoons	spoons	LOL! I love it! What a cute name. I might use that in the future.
3	I am very happy that Canada replied to Trump by increasing taxes on some us products.	I am very happy that Canada replied to Trump by increasing taxes on some us products.	yes it appears a trade war might happen now!
0	I found 5 packs of gluten free cookies on clearance at my grocery store yesterday. [SEP] Wow, that doesn't happen very often. Well done. Those things are normally quite expensive, aren't they? [SEP] YES! I am intolerant of gluten and just want to die when I am on it, so it's always a good day when I can find cheap food that is also good for me! I am easily pleased lol. I love clearance stuff!	YES! I am intolerant of gluten and just want to die when I am on it, so it's always a good day when I can find cheap food that is also good for me! I am easily pleased lol. I love clearance stuff!	Me too. Clearance is the first place I head for in the store! It must be so difficult to be gluten intolerant - seems as if there's gluten in everything these days.
6	My friend just told me their secret	My friend just told me their secret	Is it a good one?
4	what was the exam about?	what was the exam about?	I'm sorry - what exam are you talking about?  Did you take an exam?
5	I was so mad at my coworker. He left for an extended work deployment and I inherited all his unfinished work. [SEP] That's not fair. Why didn;t they split it up with more people. [SEP] You would think they would, but no.  What makes it worse, is my coworker knew I was being left with his stuff and he made no attempt to close anything out!	You would think they would, but no.  What makes it worse, is my coworker knew I was being left with his stuff and he made no attempt to close anything out!	That's terrible. Maybe you can get a promotion if you get it all done.
4	Today has been a hard day!	Today has been a hard day!	Oh no, I'm sorry.  What went badly?  One things or just lots of little things?
0	I was flying back from Boston a couple weeks ago and there was some insane turbulence! I had never been so scared in my life!	I was flying back from Boston a couple weeks ago and there was some insane turbulence! I had never been so scared in my life!	Oh god, I hate flying. I always seem to get the plane that ends up having some issue.
0	My brother asked me if I was the one who took his sunglasses. I did take his glasses but I told him no and now I feel bad. [SEP] It's hard to admit when we are wrong. DO you think you will fess up? [SEP] I mean I planned on just returning it where it was but the guilt is still there.	I mean I planned on just returning it where it was but the guilt is still there.	I understand that
3	My girl friend was double dating  [SEP] Oh really? How'd you find out? [SEP] I was so lucky I met them together having dinner in a restaurant in town	I was so lucky I met them together having dinner in a restaurant in town	Well at least you found out easily.
8	I am so happy with my life right now. [SEP] Why is that? [SEP] Everything is so good right now. I recently had my first child.	Everything is so good right now. I recently had my first child.	I am glad it did not make you depressed!
0	i was excited when i was a child and found out my firned could come over and play [SEP] life was simple then wasnt it! very cute.  [SEP] Yes it was so much simpler. We got excited for the smallest things	Yes it was so much simpler. We got excited for the smallest things	I know what you mean. I miss being little myself. 
3	I cant wait for red dead redemption 2 to come out [SEP] sounds like you really enjoy this game. does is seem promising? [SEP] yea ive been waiting years for the game looks amazing	yea ive been waiting years for the game looks amazing	to be completely honest with you, i never played that game. but i hope it will come out soon!
7	This is the best week of work for me. I will be getting a raise!	This is the best week of work for me. I will be getting a raise!	Money is always amazing! Good for you. 
8	Yesterday sure was shocking moment to watch on C-SPAN. 	Yesterday sure was shocking moment to watch on C-SPAN. 	I haven't seen it 
2	I am going to the beach tomorrow and I believe I have packed everything we will be needing there. [SEP] Oh how exciting! I love the beach! Are you bringing lots of snacks and drinks? [SEP] I am bringing some and beer too, but I hope I have remembered  all the rest like swimsuit, lifesavers, beach toys, towels, sun blocker , etc.	I am bringing some and beer too, but I hope I have remembered  all the rest like swimsuit, lifesavers, beach toys, towels, sun blocker , etc.	Oh yes don't forget the sun block. Very important! Well I hope you all have fun out there! I am jealous!
4	I missed out on a job I wanted	I missed out on a job I wanted	im sorry to hear that. what was the job?
2	I got a makeover and bought fashionable clothes for the date	I got a makeover and bought fashionable clothes for the date	Oh that sound like a lot of fun!! Hope your date ended up being worth all that work.
1	My little son won a trophy for the best actor.  [SEP] thats so adorable! how old is he?  [SEP] just 8 years old, I much happy about it.	just 8 years old, I much happy about it.	i bet i would be too 
8	My parents raised me like a king and I'm thankful for that.  Because although I was introverted for most of my life I was pretty confident and successful in my abilities and always did well no matter what I did	My parents raised me like a king and I'm thankful for that.  Because although I was introverted for most of my life I was pretty confident and successful in my abilities and always did well no matter what I did	That is so wonderful that you give your parents the credit and are so grateful for what they did for you!
4	My dog is having surgery on his leg. [SEP] Oh poor dog! I hope he is okay! [SEP] I am confident he will recover.	I am confident he will recover.	I am glad to hear that. I hate seeing animals suffer.
7	My husband got a nice raise at work! [SEP] That must have been a good thing did y'all celebrate. [SEP] We're gonna have to celebrate by making larger student loan payments haha.  But we're happy all those long hours are paying off!	We're gonna have to celebrate by making larger student loan payments haha.  But we're happy all those long hours are paying off!	hard work should pay off nice to hear about some one getting back after they put in congratulations.
4	I was kinda a lonely child.	I was kinda a lonely child.	I'm sorry to hear that, growing up can be tough.
3	I'm busy doing a lot of work today. [SEP] Is that a good thing or a bad thing? [SEP] It's good if I can get it all done.	It's good if I can get it all done.	Well stay focused and work hard! You got this!
0	I am looking forward to my wedding date! Of course you are also invited! :) 	I am looking forward to my wedding date! Of course you are also invited! :) 	Oh that is definitely something to be excited about!
6	I am so ready to go to the Yankees  game tomorrow.	I am so ready to go to the Yankees  game tomorrow.	Oh, who are they playing?
3	I was scared the other night when I heard several gunshots in a row.	I was scared the other night when I heard several gunshots in a row.	Oh wow, I hope you are fine!
4	I was expecting some help from a coworker but he didn't keep his word. Before, I held him in high esteem. Not anymore.	I was expecting some help from a coworker but he didn't keep his word. Before, I held him in high esteem. Not anymore.	That is disappointing. I am sorry
1	I am ready for the weekend to end, big Monday for me.	I am ready for the weekend to end, big Monday for me.	nice 
1	My son has made me very proud. He's been on his own for the past 3 years and he is doing very well. 	My son has made me very proud. He's been on his own for the past 3 years and he is doing very well. 	That is great, How far is he away from yoyu
5	Strangely I have a cat tail too! I rescue and my cat room needs to be painted badly but I have been so busy working and also on a side business that I have had no extra time!	Strangely I have a cat tail too! I rescue and my cat room needs to be painted badly but I have been so busy working and also on a side business that I have had no extra time!	You should make it a weekend project
7	All the lights in my neighborhood has gone out except my home. People are looking at my home weird now. [SEP] Wow that's a strange thing. Any idea why that happened? [SEP] I have no idea. Somehow we lucked out, and now the neighbors are expecting stuff from us now.	I have no idea. Somehow we lucked out, and now the neighbors are expecting stuff from us now.	Haha must think you guys are the luckiest on the block.
1	Im not excited about this semester at all. [SEP] Why and what did happen? [SEP] Im working now and I dont want to be slammed	Im working now and I dont want to be slammed	Oh, be positive, try your best.
3	I was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	I was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	I hope you were no too upset.  The odd of winning are super low!
4	I got new neighbors recently. I wanted to do something nice so I baked a meatloaf for them. The problem is it smelled so good I had to try it first. [SEP] Haha that's not a problem! You must be a good cook! [SEP] Yeah well it becomes a problem when I keep eating a little more until it is half gone. Now I have to bake another one! I felt so bad.	Yeah well it becomes a problem when I keep eating a little more until it is half gone. Now I have to bake another one! I felt so bad.	Hahaha that's funny. Sorry but i find that hilarious.
1	I thought I saw a ghost in my room,  so I ran out of the house  [SEP] I'll bet that was scary. I would have run too. [SEP] Lol,  but do you know at the end,  it was just a white cloth I hanged there	Lol,  but do you know at the end,  it was just a white cloth I hanged there	LOL....White cloths can be scary too.
6	Turns out it was a deer who got stuck in the bushes. [SEP] how on earth did it get stuck? [SEP] Haven't the slightest clue. It was a baby so maybe it was following it's mother through and didn't have the force needed to get out.	Haven't the slightest clue. It was a baby so maybe it was following it's mother through and didn't have the force needed to get out.	Poor thing, did it need ot be helped?
6	my cat vomited on my rug today [SEP] Oh no! Was it OK? [SEP] yea i was so disgusted tho	yea i was so disgusted tho	It's nasty. Did you have to clean it up or did someone else?
4	Guilt just comes over me at times.	Guilt just comes over me at times.	Oh no, I'm sorry, why?
6	I can’t wait to go on a blind date".	I can’t wait to go on a blind date".	Nice! Where did you meet your date?
6	When I was ripped with a six pack I used to feel like I was cheating myself if I had anything with sugar...now I'll eat whatever I want and still be in great shape [SEP] That is awesome. What changed? [SEP] My metabolism I guess...or lifting weights, it was all body weight routines back then	My metabolism I guess...or lifting weights, it was all body weight routines back then	Can fat really turn into muscles? Asking for myself? lol 
5	I'm getting to see Pikes Peak for the first time since moving to Colorado.	I'm getting to see Pikes Peak for the first time since moving to Colorado.	oh very cool. I have never been to Colorado. I keep saying i want to go but never do. Maybe for GABF in a couple years. Who knows.
8	I am thankful that I am diligently following my saving habit. I feel in control over my urges for unnecessary spending	I am thankful that I am diligently following my saving habit. I feel in control over my urges for unnecessary spending	That's awesome. I saved up for 4 months but then had a massive car repair bill..
2	I'm just getting older and older. I feel so far away from my childhood when things felt so very open ended.	I'm just getting older and older. I feel so far away from my childhood when things felt so very open ended.	REALLY.. OLD AGE IS A PART OF OUR LIFE.. BETTER ENJOY THAN FEELING SAD
4	first time home owner here, so proud [SEP] I am aspriing to be one, congrats! [SEP] are you a homeowner	are you a homeowner	not yet, I am still young
5	We sold our house a year ago and moved to a new one. We are very thankful for all the help our families provided.	We sold our house a year ago and moved to a new one. We are very thankful for all the help our families provided.	You should be proud of the fact you have a new home to build a lifetime of memories in.
2	I saw a guy put whipped cream on his taco. [SEP] That is just gross!  Did you say anything to him, like "Dude, what are you doing?" [SEP] No, I was just really grossed out.	No, I was just really grossed out.	Well, if you've ever seen Friends, Rachel makes a trifle with whipped cream, bananas, jam, and ground beef and peas!!
8	I have an interview tomorrow and I just keep thinking I will perform badly in it.	I have an interview tomorrow and I just keep thinking I will perform badly in it.	I'm sure you'll be fine. Sell yourself.
3	My friend was worried he wouldn't be liked because of his weight. 	My friend was worried he wouldn't be liked because of his weight. 	That's not a reason to dislike someone.
2	I purchased my first new vehicle yesterday.	I purchased my first new vehicle yesterday.	That must be very exciting! I hope to get a new vehicle soon as well.
7	Last week I entered a contest to win an ipad at work and today I got the news that I won!	Last week I entered a contest to win an ipad at work and today I got the news that I won!	Congratulations! That is awesome!  I don't really have much luck in winning things.  Have you won anything else before in your life?
7	I bought 5 lottery tickets today. I am positive for the future because I think I will win	I bought 5 lottery tickets today. I am positive for the future because I think I will win	Best of luck! Have you won in the past?
1	My dog threw up on my $10,000 tuxedo that I purchased with my lottery winnings.	My dog threw up on my $10,000 tuxedo that I purchased with my lottery winnings.	That's awful!
7	A few years ago, I thought I had breast cancer. It was such a scary time, but I tried to think positive.  [SEP] I bet you were terrified!  Did everything turn out okay? [SEP] I was. And, yes, it did. I am so glad it did. I guess it's true what they say about the power of positive thinking.	I was. And, yes, it did. I am so glad it did. I guess it's true what they say about the power of positive thinking.	Very true!  I'm glad it worked for you
7	I can't wait to see how my daughters turn out as adults. [SEP] Me either. It is going to be interesting. [SEP] So, you've got daughters too?	So, you've got daughters too?	Two daughters and one son
5	Last month I found out my son decided to drop out of college without telling me. [SEP] Oh no that sounds terrible. Hopefully it's not as bad as some of those stories I have read about where they go so far that they fake having the degree. [SEP] Its worse. He decided to use my tuition money to pay for his drug addiction. I am so disappointed in him.	Its worse. He decided to use my tuition money to pay for his drug addiction. I am so disappointed in him.	Oh my gosh that sounds so awful. I'm sorry. Maybe you can try getting him into rehab, I hear it's hard for someone to stop once they start.
5	I am so proud of my husband.  He just got a huge promotion at his work this week! [SEP] Wow getting a promotion is always an awesome thing. You guys must be so happy! Will you guys be celebrating this success? [SEP] Well we did go out to dinner last night to celebrate.  We can't do too much because he has to keep going to work every day.	Well we did go out to dinner last night to celebrate.  We can't do too much because he has to keep going to work every day.	Fair enough, that is very reasonable. Maybe you guys can celebrate on the weekend when you guys don't have work.
2	I get to go on vacation with my husband and kids on Monday. I am so excited! [SEP] That's great. Where are you going? [SEP] We are going to Wisconsin to see my family. We havent seen them since Christmas.	We are going to Wisconsin to see my family. We havent seen them since Christmas.	Sounds like a great trip. I hope you guys have a fun time.
3	was very sad to hear of my friends passing [SEP] I'm sorry for your loss. That sa to hear. [SEP] Thank you.  He was a really good man. 	Thank you.  He was a really good man. 	It must be really tough. It will get better.
6	My friends threw a party for me when I got promoted at work. I couldn't believe it. [SEP] Wow that's awesome. Congratulations [SEP] Thank you! It meant a lot.	Thank you! It meant a lot.	Did you like the food?
6	I saw the nastiest thing on tv. A guy at a sandwich and it was crawling with spiders. It made me sick. [SEP] He must of been crazy. [SEP] Something was definitely wrong with him.	Something was definitely wrong with him.	Yes, id he do it for money?
5	Over the past year, I gained a ton of weight and never realized until it was too late. I feel like I really let myself down. I always said I'd never let myself go. [SEP] Hey, It's never too late. Unless you can't exercise at all there is always a way to start.  [SEP] Yeah, I guess you're right. I need to stop pouting about it and get in the gym. I'm definitely going to have to keep an eye on my calories now.	Yeah, I guess you're right. I need to stop pouting about it and get in the gym. I'm definitely going to have to keep an eye on my calories now.	Don't worry about the calories for now. Just start moving more, and maybe join an exercise class. You'll start to enjoy it, and before you know it the weight will just start dropping off!
2	I'm about to move out of state all by myself. It makes me so nervous	I'm about to move out of state all by myself. It makes me so nervous	You'll be fine. It will be a great learning experience.
4	Ugh I was so mad the other day, I went to the store and was grocery shopping. When I came out, I noticed my car was very scratched on the back bumper. I was so furious and angry, and I still am.  [SEP] That's actually so frustrating! No note left on your car or anything from the other driver? [SEP] No! That's the worst part. I can understand if someone left a note to say sorry. But no :(	No! That's the worst part. I can understand if someone left a note to say sorry. But no :(	Sorry to hear, I really hope that it doesn't cost to much to fix that up.
4	I interviewed for a new job but, didnt get an offer. [SEP] Are you sure you didn't get an offer but they are running behind? [SEP] Its been about a month	Its been about a month	I'm sorry, I'm sure you will find something soon.
8	I was in the middle of a long distance move, and somehow misplaced my drivers registration and car insurance!!! 	I was in the middle of a long distance move, and somehow misplaced my drivers registration and car insurance!!! 	Oh no that is not good
8	My husband got a nice raise at work!	My husband got a nice raise at work!	That must have been a good thing did y'all celebrate.
3	The other week, I was talking about a co-working of mine - okay, I was gossiping..   [SEP] Hmm, how did that make you feel [SEP] Pretty awful, actually.  Especially considering that the coworker of whom I was speaking was in a room just next door with the door open.  	Pretty awful, actually.  Especially considering that the coworker of whom I was speaking was in a room just next door with the door open.  	Yeah, at least now you're more aware, it can be pretty tough when you're trying to break the habit though
5	I get so envious of rich people [SEP] Me too, I like to see them as inspiration [SEP] I just want to buy things sometimes lol	I just want to buy things sometimes lol	If you work hard enough maybe you can afford in the future!
2	I was in a bad spot when my mom passed away randomly a few years ago [SEP] I am sorry to hear about that. What happened? [SEP] She just passed away in her sleep. She was not in the best health.	She just passed away in her sleep. She was not in the best health.	I hope you have been able to cope. Death is a very hard thing to overcome.
7	I just took the bar exam this week. [SEP] That is great how do you think you did? [SEP] I did awesome!	I did awesome!	Congratulations that is so awesome to have passed such a intense exam.
6	My pet budgie bird died this morning.	My pet budgie bird died this morning.	Oh man I know how you feel. How old was your bird?
3	My youngest sister has her learner's permit so I've been trying to teach her how to drive. You don't know true terror until you're in the passenger's seat of a 16 year old's car [SEP] I'm dealing with the same thing right now! I had to teach her how to parralel park yesterday! It is terrifying!  [SEP] Oh heck, I can just barely parallel park. I'm dreading teaching my sister that one, oh boy..	Oh heck, I can just barely parallel park. I'm dreading teaching my sister that one, oh boy..	You can take her to the DMV when they are closed! They will allow you to use there set up to help.
0	I'm glad it's almost fall now. [SEP] Yes, I agree. The heat here in Texas is killing me. It was 112 last week! [SEP] Fall is my favorite time of year.	Fall is my favorite time of year.	Mine too, love to see the leave change colors and of course be able to wear leggings and uggs!
3	I forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and I walked into the boardroom unknowingly [SEP] Oh no, the dreaded fly being down for the big meeting. How'd it go? [SEP] I didn't realize until the meeting was ended	I didn't realize until the meeting was ended	Uh oh. I hope whoever saw it had a little chuckle then let it go. It's no big deal.
0	Went on the very first job interview after graduating. I was nervous, but I felt like it went fairly well. They said they would contact me soon, but it's been a week. I'm not sure what I should do at this point, but I'm staying positive. [SEP] They probably have to interview everyone else but it sounds promising! [SEP] That's true.. I guess I hadn't thought of that. I kind of just framed it as, "Aren't I good enough? Then your search should be over!" But it would be dumb not to explore all options available. But this waiting is rough...	That's true.. I guess I hadn't thought of that. I kind of just framed it as, "Aren't I good enough? Then your search should be over!" But it would be dumb not to explore all options available. But this waiting is rough...	I bet it is! and I am sure you ARE good enough. Plus the way I see it if one door shuts another opens you know? Keep your head up 
7	Well, my daughters have a day off from school due to our state elections.	Well, my daughters have a day off from school due to our state elections.	I wish I got that many days off.  The good old days of childhood.
8	I am waiting my exams results. I wish I will have good grade. [SEP] What are you studying? [SEP] I am studying IT.	I am studying IT.	Oh great! That has a lot of jobs. I hope you did well!
3	Last year my grandmother passed away. It's still hard to cope with [SEP] Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Losing a family member is so hard. [SEP] It is. I still can't look at old pictures of her. 	It is. I still can't look at old pictures of her. 	I miss my grandmother every day. I hope things get easier for you over time.
3	In university, for my major of social work, we all get mandatory internships where they place us in certain ones and we have no control over it. Some other students received cool internship placements, and I feel like mine doesn't compare. Kind of disappointed I didn't get something more interesting	In university, for my major of social work, we all get mandatory internships where they place us in certain ones and we have no control over it. Some other students received cool internship placements, and I feel like mine doesn't compare. Kind of disappointed I didn't get something more interesting	That's unfortunate. At least you can use the experience with your current internship to get you to another place you want to go!
4	I had picked up a sandwich the other day, and I saw a hair inside the sandwich!  [SEP] Ugh that's so gross! Did you complain? [SEP] Yes, I took the sandwich back to get a refund. It was so gross!	Yes, I took the sandwich back to get a refund. It was so gross!	Good to hear that you got your money back, at least.
1	I lost 20 lbs.	I lost 20 lbs.	That's awesome. I just started working out.
8	I remember when i was little and i played silent hill 1 for the first time , i was so scared lol , now i look back and the graphics look so cheap [SEP] Haha, that's funny. The same things used to happen to me except with the game Resident Evil. I love that game, and was scared to play it at the same time. [SEP] lol , resident evil 2 i found scary as well , when you encounter the licker for the first time and he falls from the ceiling 	lol , resident evil 2 i found scary as well , when you encounter the licker for the first time and he falls from the ceiling 	Yes! I remember that. I was just looking at getting an emulator so I could play it again on my computer.
1	I let my coworker in on a secret project and he helped me with it! [SEP] I like secrets. Did it turn out the way that you hoped it would. [SEP] Yep, it helped that I felt trusting of him. So he performed well.	Yep, it helped that I felt trusting of him. So he performed well.	It was nice that you had him to turn to for help.
6	I had surgery a few weeks ago. It was tough, but my friends really helped out.	I had surgery a few weeks ago. It was tough, but my friends really helped out.	Oh my, what did you have surgery for?
0	I can't believe I was the only one to think to bring Smores supplies on our camping trip! [SEP] Smores are a must when camping. [SEP] They are! How could everyone else not think about them?	They are! How could everyone else not think about them?	I don't know. They probably brought their cell phones
2	My brother flew across the country to visit me out of the blue! [SEP] That's a nice surprise! When was the last time you saw him? [SEP] A few years ago actually. He lives all the way across the US from me, so I don't get to see him much!	A few years ago actually. He lives all the way across the US from me, so I don't get to see him much!	Aw, that's awesome, I hope you two have a good time together!
4	My wife has been cheating on me, worst yet is that it was with my best friend of 20 years.	My wife has been cheating on me, worst yet is that it was with my best friend of 20 years.	Wow sounds like what i just seen on the news in NC... im so sorry !! 
6	i saw a movie the other day, it wasnt as good as i was expecting	i saw a movie the other day, it wasnt as good as i was expecting	Which movie did you see?
7	Im so happy we just found out our son is graduating college 	Im so happy we just found out our son is graduating college 	Congratulations I know you must be very proud
4	I had to watch over my dad when he got sick. I just felt like I needed to make sure he was going to be okay [SEP] That must've been hard. I love my dad the most of all family members [SEP] Yeah it was hard, but we got through it	Yeah it was hard, but we got through it	I'm glad to hear that.
5	My son is one and climbs everything! [SEP] Is that good or bad? [SEP] It's not great.  I feel like I spend half my life keeping him from scaling the bookcases.	It's not great.  I feel like I spend half my life keeping him from scaling the bookcases.	Maybe you should child proof the house.
7	My Pet parrot died yesterday. [SEP] Are you going to get another? [SEP] I don't think so.  They're quite a bit of responsibility. I'd like freedom to travel etc.	I don't think so.  They're quite a bit of responsibility. I'd like freedom to travel etc.	Probably best to also take time to process what happened
7	I thought about my first kiss on my ride home from work today. [SEP] Reminiscing on memories how old was you are ya'll still together? [SEP] That must've been when I was in first grade. A long time ago, but the sunshine and a warm breeze always makes me remember.	That must've been when I was in first grade. A long time ago, but the sunshine and a warm breeze always makes me remember.	So young lol well at least it's a good memory and the good weather makes you happy and think about it. 
8	I have total trust in my wife. We are good couple. [SEP] That's great, trust is the backbone of all lasting relationships. [SEP] It is always good to have someone that will help you in time of needs.	It is always good to have someone that will help you in time of needs.	Of course, we're not meant to lock ourselves away alone for our entire lives.
6	I'm feeling pretty good after my performance review at work.	I'm feeling pretty good after my performance review at work.	That's great! I'm happy for you. Will you be getting a raise?
1	Someone cut me off in traffic the other day. [SEP] ohh its very seek [SEP] I'm not sure what you mean, can you elaborate?	I'm not sure what you mean, can you elaborate?	its very critical situvation
2	I am always seeing these ASPCA and animal advocates commercials on TV and it makes me so sad. It is awful the way some humans can mistreat animals. Just horrible! [SEP] Agree 100% it makes me want to adopt all the pets! Have you ever rescued an animal? [SEP] All my babies are rescues. My pit mix my fiance bought off the side of the road(wont get into that). My husky, I got from someone who got her from a breeder that just didnt want her, and my 2 cats were like living outside and undomesticated. So they all are in a sense. 	All my babies are rescues. My pit mix my fiance bought off the side of the road(wont get into that). My husky, I got from someone who got her from a breeder that just didnt want her, and my 2 cats were like living outside and undomesticated. So they all are in a sense. 	That's amazing. I have a rescue myself and I will never have a pet any other way.
2	I'm a teacher and I'm back at school in two weeks.	I'm a teacher and I'm back at school in two weeks.	Oh yeah, school year starts soon. Well I hope you'll have an easy year!
6	I found this old mix CD I made a long time ago. It really brought be back to when I first made it.	I found this old mix CD I made a long time ago. It really brought be back to when I first made it.	What songs were on it?
7	i stated running recently 2 miles a day, the other day i increased it to 3 miles and did not even break a swet i felt really good [SEP] That's fantastic. How old are you? [SEP] im 31 and in a few months ill be 32	im 31 and in a few months ill be 32	Keep up the good work.
5	I feed the birds that come to my home everyday [SEP] Well that's nice of you to do that for them. I bet they enjoy the treat. [SEP] I hope so, too. I've been having to spread it on the grass though which is difficult for them to eat.	I hope so, too. I've been having to spread it on the grass though which is difficult for them to eat.	Maybe you could try putting it on a cute bird feeder so it'll be a little easier for them?
3	My friend's dog started vomiting a lot. He's at the vet right now.	My friend's dog started vomiting a lot. He's at the vet right now.	I hope he's okay. I hate when my dog is sick.
5	Me: I was driving to work and saw a black guy with dreads doing a wheely on a bike that looked like it was for a 12 year old. It was pretty impresive [SEP] Oh yeah, I have seen those kind of micro bikes before. Takes some skill I suppose. [SEP] It was just a regular pedal bike	It was just a regular pedal bike	Maybe that's all he could spare for. Still got to stunt whenever possible. 
4	I came home from work.. and opened my mail up.. and you won't believe what I got in the mail. [SEP] What did you get in the mail? [SEP] I got a repo notice for my car.  I am so upset. [SEP] That is awful, did you miss some payments? [SEP] Yes.. but I had a valid reason.  Cries.. [SEP] Whats the reason? [SEP] I couldn't work I was taking care of my sick husband.	I couldn't work I was taking care of my sick husband.	I'm sorry to hear that, how is he feeling now?
3	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I could not handle that at all [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. Were you close? [SEP] We were close for me being young, it was very upsetting	We were close for me being young, it was very upsetting	At least, bonds that tight mean they will always be a part of you someway. 
6	I was parking my car today and someone just cut in from of me a took my place. How rude can you get?	I was parking my car today and someone just cut in from of me a took my place. How rude can you get?	Ouch, I hate it when that happens. Did you say anything to them?
5	I grew these beautiful flowers in my garden and I had them for three years tending to them carefully. Can you believe our new landscaper mowed them over with his lawn mower.	I grew these beautiful flowers in my garden and I had them for three years tending to them carefully. Can you believe our new landscaper mowed them over with his lawn mower.	Oh no, that's terrible! You should fire that landscaper and plant new flowers.
6	I at 20 footlongs from Subway the other day.	I at 20 footlongs from Subway the other day.	Oh my gosh! Are you ok? I would be sick.
2	One of my bestfriends was involved in a car accident that ended up being extremely bad.  [SEP] Oh no! Was anyone badly injured? [SEP] Yeah all of them were injured extremely, and his gf was actually killed in the passenger seat. 	Yeah all of them were injured extremely, and his gf was actually killed in the passenger seat. 	That's terrible. I hope your friend recovers.
4	You ever have a situation where you help someone out and just end up regretting it? [SEP] yes, that is always a hard situation.   [SEP] Yea, I once let this guy crash on my couch rent free for 3 months, and the entire time he was taking money out my room and eating my snacks without saying anything. I knew things were missing, but he'd always deny it.	Yea, I once let this guy crash on my couch rent free for 3 months, and the entire time he was taking money out my room and eating my snacks without saying anything. I knew things were missing, but he'd always deny it.	oh man that is horrible!  I am so sorry
3	My internet company tried to not send someone out to fix my internet. It hasnt worked for 3 months	My internet company tried to not send someone out to fix my internet. It hasnt worked for 3 months	Ah thats so bad. why not raise a complaint
4	I remember a time where I was asked to help out with a kids camp as a volunteer and it was about 2 months ahead of time, so I completely forgot about it and ended up not going [SEP] Did you hear anything about what happened at that camp in your absence? I hope there were no hard feelings! [SEP] no idea, I was too embarrassed to respond	no idea, I was too embarrassed to respond	Sorry for the delay. I had a technical difficulty. Either way, I'm sure there were no hard feelings. A lot of people sign up to work those camps every year.
6	I entered a writing contest. I thought I might have a chance to be a finalist. I was excited. 	I entered a writing contest. I thought I might have a chance to be a finalist. I was excited. 	Oh boy, how did it go?
2	My son cheated on an exam in high school last year. I was disappointed when he told me, and I gave him the choice to come clean. I told him I wouldn't turn him in, that only he could decide that. He decided to tell the teacher what he did [SEP] He did the right thing, how did the teacher react? [SEP] He got the punishment he deserved. Failed the exam, failed the class. Had to make it up over the summer. Learned his lesson I'm sure. But I'd rather he do that then cover his tracks and get rewarded for dishonesty.	He got the punishment he deserved. Failed the exam, failed the class. Had to make it up over the summer. Learned his lesson I'm sure. But I'd rather he do that then cover his tracks and get rewarded for dishonesty.	Well, you're doing a good job as a parent. There's no justification for what he's done but he had the strength of character to confess to the teacher when confronted. He's still a good kid even if he does bad things occasionally. I hope you guys can put this past you quickly.
8	I really get scared when I have to talk to people in public.	I really get scared when I have to talk to people in public.	Same! That is why I never go outside and just be on my computer all day!
1	hey... i just found out i didnt get the promotion i thought i was getting [SEP] Oh well maybe you'll get your blessings in a different way you didn't expect [SEP] thanks i hope so!!! another one of my coworkers got it... and i was sure it was going to be me!!!	thanks i hope so!!! another one of my coworkers got it... and i was sure it was going to be me!!!	It's cool, I got fired from my old job 5 months ago...only to upgrade to a self-employed lifestyle, making 2000 a week and hot chicks coming in and out of my apartment every night lol
3	i was in the train the other day and i fell and everyone started laughing at me [SEP] Oh no that must have been so embarrassing. Were you injured at all?  [SEP] i just got my knee bruised, and it really was embarrassing	i just got my knee bruised, and it really was embarrassing	Embarrassment is almost worse than an actual injury! I hope your knee feels better soon.
4	This was the first birthday this year I had without my grandma.	This was the first birthday this year I had without my grandma.	Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that, were you close?
5	My sister just put on a halloween mask and jumped in the window! I jumped out of my seat. [SEP] That must've been scary, what kind of mask! [SEP] It was the most realistic werewolf mask I've ever seen! [SEP] Do you plan on getting her back later? [SEP] I think I'm going to have to!	I think I'm going to have to!	Maybe try a freddy mask this time.
7	i really wanted to get pregnant but month after month it didn't happen [SEP] Hmm maybe it's not your time yet...I'm sure you'll get there [SEP] i'm getting up there in years so i'm kind of at the end of the line. i suppose it may not meant be to be	i'm getting up there in years so i'm kind of at the end of the line. i suppose it may not meant be to be	I wish you abundant joy, success health and wealth in all areas of your life.
5	I feel so ready for this exam.	I feel so ready for this exam.	I think you're gonna do great!
6	THe worst thing happened the other day. I went grovery shopping and I thought I was being followed. It scared me so bad!	THe worst thing happened the other day. I went grovery shopping and I thought I was being followed. It scared me so bad!	Who was following you?!
5	Reading about the Mandela effect always gets me thinking about and missing my childhood for some reason. [SEP] I know what you mean.  Theres some crazy stuff out there about it too! [SEP] Do you have a favorite one?	Do you have a favorite one?	The Berenstein bears one i think is crazy
8	Its me and my fiances anniversary next month and keeps dropping hints about what hes getting me, and I have no idea what it is because I have not told him I wanted anything. Its puzzling but makes me eager to see. [SEP] Anticipation sucks. The hints don't help you figure it out? [SEP] No, they're more like, "I know what I'm getting you" and then when went over bills he was like Im going use money for your gift, non specific type of hints Lol	No, they're more like, "I know what I'm getting you" and then when went over bills he was like Im going use money for your gift, non specific type of hints Lol	HAHA that's a shame. It's just like having to stare at Christmas gifts for a month but not being able to open them as a kid.
3	Another one of my friends got engaged [SEP] It'll happen to you soon, your soulmate is out there somewhere. [SEP] I think I'll end p marrying myself lol	I think I'll end p marrying myself lol	Hey that might be a good idea! Nobody knows what you like better than you!
8	this world is just cruel isn't it? i mean where is the love, do we really hate eachother that much? [SEP] i agree. everyone seems to be out for themself and do not care to help other or take others into consideration [SEP] it sucks so much 	it sucks so much 	yeah its a tought thing to have to deal with
4	MY sister used to be my next door neighbor. [SEP] What happened? [SEP] She moved all the way across the city. I hardly see my neice anymore.	She moved all the way across the city. I hardly see my neice anymore.	I'm sorry, you must miss them a lot if you don't see them as much as you used to.
5	i miss when i was in grade school, i didn't have to pay bills and worry about politics. The good old days [SEP] i understand, life can do that to you, and looking back always bring fond memories [SEP] yeah it really does man.	yeah it really does man.	just think, today will be tomorrow's memories when looking back
4	I'm really close with my sister, but it turns out she is moving out of state in September.	I'm really close with my sister, but it turns out she is moving out of state in September.	Ah, I'm sorry to hear that, is it for work or something else?
1	i was happy when i saw i was approved off for the weekend [SEP] Cool! That's great news. Do you have any fun plans? [SEP] gonna go clubbin	gonna go clubbin	Sounds like fun! I'd love to be able to do that. But I get to work all weekend.
4	I had to put my dog to sleep yesterday.	I had to put my dog to sleep yesterday.	So sorry to hear that. You must feel sad.
4	My old cat is very sick.	My old cat is very sick.	I'm sorry to hear that.  How old is the cat?
5	I didn't get the promotion at work, I cant believe Becky got it over me... I'm really upset about it. [SEP] Gee, that is too bad. I wonder why Becky got it and you didn't? [SEP] I don't know, It just seems like she always gets everything. ugh ! Sometimes I wish I could be as lucky as her.	I don't know, It just seems like she always gets everything. ugh ! Sometimes I wish I could be as lucky as her.	Yeah, that's no fun. Maybe you'll get offered the next promotion that is available? 
1	I felt good about my son's grade [SEP] Did he all get A's? [SEP] Yes he did	Yes he did	I would be proud too. That takes a lot of effort to get straight A's.
4	I was so mad the other day that I embarassed myself at the store. [SEP] What happened? [SEP] I was trying to open a bottle of bodywash to smell it and it squirted out all over me and my cart.	I was trying to open a bottle of bodywash to smell it and it squirted out all over me and my cart.	Im sorry that happened. Did it atleast smell good?
8	I am going to eat nachos later.	I am going to eat nachos later.	I love shrimp nachos, but any nachos are good really
2	I stopped trusting people because of how I was treated last time I borrowed money out	I stopped trusting people because of how I was treated last time I borrowed money out	i bet .that is always a tough situation.
1	My friend just won a lottery and got tickets to the Superbowl and I lost!  [SEP] Oh gosh, is he going to take you to the Superbowl at least? [SEP] I dont think he can since he only won one ticket. I am beyond jealous right now but also happy for him since he really wants to go. 	I dont think he can since he only won one ticket. I am beyond jealous right now but also happy for him since he really wants to go. 	Just one ticket, that sounds lonely for him.
0	Hey i went ot the pound today. [SEP] Did you adopt an animal [SEP] Yea but i wanted all of them. They were all so cute and nice. I felt bad for them. [SEP] I feel all for those poor animals and want to adopt all of them [SEP] That'd be a lot of dog food	That'd be a lot of dog food	It would definitely be hard.  I feel bad for them being in cages.
5	The other day I stole my neighbors mail. [SEP] That wasn't very nice. [SEP] I feel really bad for doing that.	I feel really bad for doing that.	You should return it.
7	My best friend and I had been roommates all through college.	My best friend and I had been roommates all through college.	That's pretty nice. I'm in college, and I've had three different roommates so far, having to move three different times. Starting to get old. You truly lucked out!
4	Can you believe that for the third time in the past two weeks my lunch has been stolen at work. I am so heated right now. [SEP] That's not cool. Did you put your name on it? [SEP] Yes and dated it. I have been trying to save money and eat healthy but every time it is stolen I have to go out and buy lunch. I swear I am going to go off if it happens again.	Yes and dated it. I have been trying to save money and eat healthy but every time it is stolen I have to go out and buy lunch. I swear I am going to go off if it happens again.	I'm so sorry that happened to you, better luck next time.
3	Seeing the number of disagreements only to increase between two major parties in our country, i am afraid of our future political discourse [SEP] Yeah its very nervwrecking. Im anxious as well to know how it turns out.  [SEP] It is truly. It has not been like this before. I only see and hear insults flying around at each other address	It is truly. It has not been like this before. I only see and hear insults flying around at each other address	Yeah makes me nervous to know what and how it will turn out. Hopefully everything will turn out good for the best. 
7	Well I recently rescued another abused dog and I feel so protective towards her. She is so docile and she was so starved. I just want to keep her safe.	Well I recently rescued another abused dog and I feel so protective towards her. She is so docile and she was so starved. I just want to keep her safe.	I am so happy for you and the dog
3	I often get irritated because of my sister. [SEP] my sister's can be irritating as well. no one knows how to push your buttons like family. [SEP] Yeah true that! yesterday she pranked me again. I was really mad at her	Yeah true that! yesterday she pranked me again. I was really mad at her	oh no. hopefully it was an innocent prank.
8	i cut someone off in traffic the other day and it felt bad [SEP] I understand. [SEP] ya but still feel bad for doing it	ya but still feel bad for doing it	Those kind of thing happened from time to time.
8	I have a toothache and hate going to the dentist, this will put a damper on my day for sure! [SEP] Ugh dentist visits are the worst. Atleast you can look forward to taking a break from work. [SEP] Not when it's the dentist, I'd rather be at work! But my job is an easy one, so.	Not when it's the dentist, I'd rather be at work! But my job is an easy one, so.	Oh yes, but sometimes my boss let me off when I have to go to the dentist!
3	I am still single and all of my friends are married or engaged. [SEP] Being single isn't all that bad. Are you looking for someone? [SEP] I am. It never goes past the first date though. I attract weirdos lol	I am. It never goes past the first date though. I attract weirdos lol	Better to be single than be with weirdos.
2	I know I will win my court case. [SEP] If you are very sure about it. I know you will!! [SEP] I expect to get a lot of money.	I expect to get a lot of money.	Good for you. I hope you will
5	I kept thinking I had left the front door unlocked whilst I was on vacation! [SEP] That is a terrible feeling. I saw a movie where a family actually left their kid at home. That would be the worst. [SEP] Sounds like Home Alone! Yes I was so anxious the entire time that I could not even enjoy myself.	Sounds like Home Alone! Yes I was so anxious the entire time that I could not even enjoy myself.	Well I hope everything turned out ok. Maybe you can send a friend to check your door.
1	Got pizza and the toppings were really sparse. [SEP] Oh that can be so aggravating!  [SEP] Yea, I mean, I would rather pay more than get skimpy toppings like that.	Yea, I mean, I would rather pay more than get skimpy toppings like that.	I feel the same, I have high standards for my food and what I pay for
2	I've only been with my boyfriend for 2 years, but I can't think about anyone else but him.  [SEP] Aw, that's so sweet!  Do you see a future together? [SEP] Definitely. We talk about marriage and children all the time, but we're still extremely young.	Definitely. We talk about marriage and children all the time, but we're still extremely young.	I really, really hope it works out for you guys!
5	I'm really close with my sister, but it turns out she is moving out of state in September. [SEP] Ah, I'm sorry to hear that, is it for work or something else? [SEP] Yeah her husband has to move, it just sucks because we hang out pretty often.	Yeah her husband has to move, it just sucks because we hang out pretty often.	That does suck, well maybe you guys can work something out to see each other every so often.
6	Hi, I do not have any friends in my new city.	Hi, I do not have any friends in my new city.	hi, that's sad. have you tried looking for facebook events? like local events. i bet you can meet people there
3	I am waiting for my blood test results. I am very stressed about it.	I am waiting for my blood test results. I am very stressed about it.	That must be very difficult to have to wait for results. I hope they come back and everything is fine though.
1	I lent a work mate £250 when he moved to South Africa	I lent a work mate £250 when he moved to South Africa	Good of you, you are a nice person.
4	Last year a hurricane hit my area. Luckily I had planned well and had all the supplies I needed to stay safe. I am always thinking ahead like that.	Last year a hurricane hit my area. Luckily I had planned well and had all the supplies I needed to stay safe. I am always thinking ahead like that.	Sorry to hear that, I'm glad you were prepared.
2	I have high hopes for this weekend. I think it might be sunny here [SEP] Oh I get you. It's been raining here everyday. [SEP] Same here. I am tired of it already	Same here. I am tired of it already	I hope you get some sun where you are, too. Too much rain can get depressing.
5	my boss asked me a question that I had an answer to but I did n ot want to get anyone in trouble so I said I didn't know anything about the situation.	my boss asked me a question that I had an answer to but I did n ot want to get anyone in trouble so I said I didn't know anything about the situation.	maybe it was best to avoid drama at work
4	My wife passed away, so I am alone again.	My wife passed away, so I am alone again.	I'm so sorry to hear that.
4	I saw a dog on the side of the road that had been hit by a car, it was so sad [SEP] Oh my goodness. That must have been traumatic to see. Do you know what happened to the dog? [SEP] No	No	Well, I'm sorry you had to see that!
3	This lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when I was shopping. I was appalled at what she did. [SEP] Wow, no parent should ever abuse their children like that. Did you or anyone do anything? [SEP] I wanted to, but didn't know what my place would be in that scenario.  It was quite maddening and off putting.  	I wanted to, but didn't know what my place would be in that scenario.  It was quite maddening and off putting.  	Yea I totally understand where you're coming from. Hopefully someone nearby was able to call CPS or law enforcement.
8	Tomorrow is a fine day for me - I start my new job. [SEP] Congratulations. Are you excited? [SEP] I'm quite anxious, to be honest. Completely new experience, completely new people. Hopefully I'll fit in.	I'm quite anxious, to be honest. Completely new experience, completely new people. Hopefully I'll fit in.	You'll do fine. I look at new things as adventures. 
6	Do you have a family?	Do you have a family?	A mother, father and a brother. You?
8	I think my boyfriend is seeing someone else [SEP] That's terrible. Have you confronted him about it? [SEP] ormation	ormation	I'm not sure what that means, but you should talk to him about it!
6	I know I shouldnt have felt the way I did but man it was hard when my daughter threw a fit at the store! 	I know I shouldnt have felt the way I did but man it was hard when my daughter threw a fit at the store! 	What did happen in the store? Why did your daughter throw a fit?
2	So my daughter totally lied through her teeth right to my face yesterday. [SEP] Oh no! Hopefully that is the first time that has happened. [SEP] Nope! School called me yesterday to inform me she never showed. I asked my daughter how her day was at school and she totally played it off like she was there the entire day. had no idea i was on to her. [SEP] That is terrible! Especially since it was the whole day. Are you planning to punish her? [SEP] oh yeah. She is grounded and now has to wear a uniform to school even though the school doesn't require it. LOL [SEP] Lol.  I love it.  That is a great way to remind her of why she shouldn't lie. [SEP] Yep, thank you very much!	Yep, thank you very much!	I bet she won't do that again
5	My house is perfect for my family. Just big enough for everyone. I love it. [SEP] That's awesome! I close on my first house Monday! [SEP] How exciting! I love being a homeowner!	How exciting! I love being a homeowner!	I think I will too!
1	I broke my favorite vase. [SEP] Oh no! What had happened? [SEP] I was dusting and I knocked it over.  I am so upset with myself!	I was dusting and I knocked it over.  I am so upset with myself!	On the bright side you can buy a new vase to replace it!
0	My best friend just got a new car. Here I am driving the same car for 10 years. 	My best friend just got a new car. Here I am driving the same car for 10 years. 	I feel you. I need a new one asap. POS falling apart. Cost me lots for a repair recently
7	I just got my grades in from last semester and I got an A in every class! [SEP] You must be a great student! [SEP] Thanks! I really tried my hardest this last time.	Thanks! I really tried my hardest this last time.	I wish you more success in your education.
6	I've done a lot of extra work this summer.	I've done a lot of extra work this summer.	What kind of work did you do?
8	One of the happiest moments in my life was when my niece was born. She is amazing in every single way.	One of the happiest moments in my life was when my niece was born. She is amazing in every single way.	These children hold a very special place in your heart. It's amazing that when this happens you never knew that you could love someone so much.
8	I can't wait for our next reunion [SEP] Those are so much fun. Family or school? [SEP] family. We a going on a cruise. I love cruises.	family. We a going on a cruise. I love cruises.	That will be great. Take lots of pictures, you will want to remember all of those memories you are going to make.
4	My girlfriend was cheating on me and I didn't know.  [SEP] Oh man that's a bummer.  Did you leave her or are you giving her another shot [SEP] She left me. I believed she would never cheat on me until she told me she was dating another guy	She left me. I believed she would never cheat on me until she told me she was dating another guy	Dang that's harsh homie...so sorry to hear that bud.  Don't worry as much as it hurts now she did you the favor of kicking herself out of your life...you deserve better than her 
7	I know that I will pass my driving test next week.	I know that I will pass my driving test next week.	I hope so! I hate driving but good luck.
6	MY son always tries to unlock my ipad while I'm sleep. Now it has to be reset	MY son always tries to unlock my ipad while I'm sleep. Now it has to be reset	That's annoying. Kids these days are really attached to electronics, just how it goes. I know it's hard to cut them off, but have you tried managing his electronics time more closely?
2	I went rock climbing the yesterday. [SEP] That is interesting. Did you have a good time? [SEP] I did! Although I was so afraid peering down from the top of the mountain. It was unreal.	I did! Although I was so afraid peering down from the top of the mountain. It was unreal.	I bet! I would be too scared to even try!
8	I moved out of my beach community in Los Angeles because it was so expensive, I don't know how my remaining friends there exist! [SEP] Theyre clearly fatcats, thats how. Where did you move to?  [SEP] New Orleans. It's a fun city but it's not as nice as California. One of my friends in LA is just a teacher and goes to Hawaii all the time. I've never been.  [SEP] isnt california like really hot? Im not sure if id be able to tolerate the temperature to be honest, do you intend to move back to los angeles in the future? [SEP] It's nice at the beach, like 85 degrees. A cold day is 55, which are rare. I'd like to move back but can't ever imagine paying 2400 for renting a box.  [SEP] i pay 160 euros a month for my apartament lol, 2400 is insanity tbh. and 85 degrees is like 30c D: that is so hot! [SEP] Haha, it feels perfect to me.  Your rent sounds affordable, I'll bet you have healthcare, too. 	Haha, it feels perfect to me.  Your rent sounds affordable, I'll bet you have healthcare, too. 	i actually dont, my country decided to illegally deny it to me, but most people do. you could move to EU if you really wanted to, rent sure would be way more afforadable regardless of which country you pick
3	I got my mom some temporary teeth. [SEP] Temporary teeth? How long do those last? [SEP] A long time. Moldable plastic with no dangerous chemicals. It's quite interesting. It's not expensive to get a big bag of it. It is insanely expensive to get one tooth put in, so this should help her until then.	A long time. Moldable plastic with no dangerous chemicals. It's quite interesting. It's not expensive to get a big bag of it. It is insanely expensive to get one tooth put in, so this should help her until then.	Ah yeah, that was a pretty good idea then. Hopefully she can get some permanent ones soon!
7	I had a big piece of cheesecake yesterday.  [SEP] I love cheesecake [SEP] Me too! But I didn't need sugar a second day in a row, it kicks me out of my ketosis, so I felt bad! [SEP] Oh no! Was is plain or did it have sweet toppings too? [SEP] Plain! I should really make it at home with xylitol...but I can't seem to get the thickness and I love the NY cheesecake type	Plain! I should really make it at home with xylitol...but I can't seem to get the thickness and I love the NY cheesecake type	I wish I could make a cheescake.
6	I had been getting ready for this day for years, It was in the bag [SEP] What day is that? [SEP] My dissertation was due,  Hardest thing i had ever completed.	My dissertation was due,  Hardest thing i had ever completed.	Oh lord..that gives me chills just hearing the word. What was it on?
4	been  a long week finally a day off i feel so happy ...... and just like that my sisters asking me to take her to the mall lol , o well [SEP] No rest for the weary I guess, huh? [SEP] im gonna at least go the this chinese buffet , that will be my highlight for the day	im gonna at least go the this chinese buffet , that will be my highlight for the day	Yeah treat yourself!
0	My computer is never doing what I tell it too, its so complicated. [SEP] You must use it a lot. You will understand it soon [SEP] I do use it everyday, I guess I just need more practice.	I do use it everyday, I guess I just need more practice.	yeah you will do it for sure. i know it
4	My nephew died in a car wreck. [SEP] oh my god, so sad. how did that happen. Feel so sorry for you [SEP] He crashed on a bicycle. 	He crashed on a bicycle. 	sorry for your loss
6	A bus hit my car once. It came out of nowhere!	A bus hit my car once. It came out of nowhere!	Oh my God! Are you ok?
7	I ate way too much junk food yesterday! I am usually good about being careful, but I just let myself overindulge. [SEP] That happens to me sometimes, too.  I feel awful after! [SEP] Now I am resolved to eat healthier!	Now I am resolved to eat healthier!	Good for you!
7	My niece made the cheerleading squad.	My niece made the cheerleading squad.	Congratulations! Thats awesome!
8	my fantasy football draft is tomorrow, i am looking to win it all for the third time! [SEP] That is wonderful. i do hope that you will win [SEP] thank you! do you play fantasy sports?	thank you! do you play fantasy sports?	Unfortunately I don't but I have a brother who loves to play it.
2	The other night I got woke up from a noise I heard outside. I was so scared.  [SEP] oh damn.. what was it? [SEP] It was some guys fighting, but women were screaming and my god it was intense. 	It was some guys fighting, but women were screaming and my god it was intense. 	i hope the cops took care of it
6	I have a job interview coming up	I have a job interview coming up	Is it for a hourly wage job or salary?
3	Football season is about to start. I used to always watch the opening day games with my dad. I'm halfway across the country now though, and we won't be able to do it in person for a long time. Makes me miss him [SEP] Oh dang, that is too bad.  Can you guys video call? [SEP] Eh, we're not really the type to do that. Especially not him. And it's not worth it. Just a phone call here or there. Just miss the tradition is all. We're big family people	Eh, we're not really the type to do that. Especially not him. And it's not worth it. Just a phone call here or there. Just miss the tradition is all. We're big family people	Oh OK, hopefully you have some friends you can bring over and share your traditions.
5	I am scared of Trump. He is on his way to create a civil war in the USA. [SEP] That is interesting, why do you say that? [SEP] Because Trump is a liar, egomaniac and manipulative lunatic	Because Trump is a liar, egomaniac and manipulative lunatic	I think a good amount of people feel the same
0	At work I am the most confident man ever, maybe because I've worked there so long.  	At work I am the most confident man ever, maybe because I've worked there so long.  	There's nothing wrong with that. Unless you're mean
4	i lost my job today. was not my fault we got robbed	i lost my job today. was not my fault we got robbed	Oh no I am so sorry! I bet that must have been scary too
0	I get so ticked off when I see people leave their shopping carts in the parking lot. How lazy are these people!	I get so ticked off when I see people leave their shopping carts in the parking lot. How lazy are these people!	That is very true! I dono't understand why people doe that!
2	I'm looking forward to going to Colorado for my new sister-in-law's wedding reception! ^_^ [SEP] That's awesome! I've never been to Colorado but I hear great things! haha [SEP] I myself haven't been there in 11 years! I'm looking forward to seeing it again.	I myself haven't been there in 11 years! I'm looking forward to seeing it again.	11 years is a long time, I hope you have a great time!
5	I'm not looking forward to rollercoaster riding next weeked :( [SEP] Why? Are you scared to ride it? I can relate, so if that's the case, just skip it. [SEP] Yeah!  I've never been on one.  We're taking the kids though. [SEP] Oh, I see, so it's kind of a have-to scenario. Well, I always let my hubby do that, but maybe you're the hubby too lol.  [SEP] LOL no I'm the uncle!!  Oh well.  Maybe it's time I try it!  What do you think?	LOL no I'm the uncle!!  Oh well.  Maybe it's time I try it!  What do you think?	Sure! If you've never ridden it, then you really should. 
0	I was shocked when my brother invited me for lunch. I had not seen him all week [SEP] Do you guys not get together as much?  [SEP] No, he works a lot	No, he works a lot	I know that feeling, I have a brother I don't see as much as I used to.
3	I accidentally broke a vase at my moms house on sunday.	I accidentally broke a vase at my moms house on sunday.	i hope your mom can understand , it was an accident and everyone makes mistakes 
7	My dog died this time last year [SEP] Im sorry to hear that [SEP] I'm glad I had the time with her that I did.	I'm glad I had the time with her that I did.	Thats a good way to think about it
2	I get to go to the zoo this afternoon. [SEP] I be you cant wait! Seeing exotic animals is so exciting! [SEP] I haven't been to the zoo in more than a decade too!	I haven't been to the zoo in more than a decade too!	This will be fun! I bet your full of joy right now!
5	My sister got a new pair of shoes. They were the same ones that I had been wanting but can't afford. I should have been happy for her but I wasn't. [SEP] A little jealous much?  Maybe you should pick up a side job? [SEP] Probably but I can't right now. I know how I feel isn't right but I can't help it.	Probably but I can't right now. I know how I feel isn't right but I can't help it.	Maybe you can borrow them?
6	I played dodge ball at summer camp one day.	I played dodge ball at summer camp one day.	did you do good? or get smacked around alot?
2	I am pretty sure I am going to get this planning done soon [SEP] What are you planning? [SEP] I am planning a party for the end of summer	I am planning a party for the end of summer	That sounds really fun. Hopefully you have some help.
6	I badly miss my hubby.	I badly miss my hubby.	Why did he left?
6	Im Not the best looking guy ok. At a party I went up to the hottest girl in the room and started chatting with her	Im Not the best looking guy ok. At a party I went up to the hottest girl in the room and started chatting with her	That must have taken a lot of courage. What happened next?
3	So they just posted online about how they are not making a sequel to Hot Fuzz. [SEP] Oh no. Did they say why? [SEP] I guess it just did not get enough funding. It just sucks because it is my favorite movie.	I guess it just did not get enough funding. It just sucks because it is my favorite movie.	Hopefully it might be reconsidered later on.
3	So, last night I tried throwing a salad in the oven, thinking I was Gordon Ramsey. [SEP] hm never tried baked salad. How'd it go, Ramsey? [SEP] It went how'd you think cooking a salad in the oven would go. The lettuce was scorched and the tomatoes tasted like dog poop. Absolutely disappointing.	It went how'd you think cooking a salad in the oven would go. The lettuce was scorched and the tomatoes tasted like dog poop. Absolutely disappointing.	Well, you get experience points on that. Hopefully, the next dish is better.
3	Some days I feel so alone as if I'm the only person on this earth [SEP] I know what you mean, that has happened to me before and it is an awful feeling. [SEP] I don't know if its depression or something else.	I don't know if its depression or something else.	It probably isn't, I really hope it isn't too.
4	This morning I woke up to find my 120" flat screen tv gone. [SEP] Oh no what happened [SEP] I have no idea. Whoever took it must've been a 10 foot muscular giant. The police haven't found anything yet.	I have no idea. Whoever took it must've been a 10 foot muscular giant. The police haven't found anything yet.	I am sorry, I hope you find it
3	I have new neighbors [SEP] Oh nice, have you met them yet? [SEP] No. We share a stairwell and there have been so many people going up and down at night. I don't want to meet them.	No. We share a stairwell and there have been so many people going up and down at night. I don't want to meet them.	Sounds scary, I hope they aren't involved in drugs or crime.
3	I'm so glad I have enough money saved in case anything happens. [SEP] That's a really good idea, smart thinking!  [SEP] Thank you. I sacrificed a lot to save this much.	Thank you. I sacrificed a lot to save this much.	Well hopefully nothing bad will happen and you won't need to use it.
5	People say I sing really well. I used to be in talent shows at school	People say I sing really well. I used to be in talent shows at school	That's awesome. Maybe you have natural talent for it and should try to become a singer!
8	I was so excited to see the new Star Wars movies but the really are a bit a of a let down	I was so excited to see the new Star Wars movies but the really are a bit a of a let down	Awe! Really I was planning on seeing it this weekend. 
1	A friend of mine just got a new wrangler, i want one bad	A friend of mine just got a new wrangler, i want one bad	Ive been wanting a jeep for myself too! They are so cool
4	My dog died and I was just heartbroken. I got her when she was a puppy and she lived to be 20 years old. [SEP] aww, i am so sorry for your lost, i know this is a very hard time for you [SEP] She truly was an amazing dog. She followed me everywhere, I should have named her Shadow.	She truly was an amazing dog. She followed me everywhere, I should have named her Shadow.	i am sorry again, what are you hoping to do now? 
7	I am shocked Tiger Woods is playing gold again.	I am shocked Tiger Woods is playing gold again.	Hell yeah! Return of the king!
5	I asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. He didn't bring anything.	I asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. He didn't bring anything.	I'm sorry to hear that.  Maybe next time?
5	I was at work and my friend left to go to the bathroom and didn't come back for what seemed like 30 minutes! There were so many customers that I had to deal with! [SEP] Jeeze, I hope he really had to go, otherwise he must have been slacking off on purpose! [SEP] He did, when he came back I was mad but he really picked up the rest of the day leaving me little work	He did, when he came back I was mad but he really picked up the rest of the day leaving me little work	Well that's good, at least he didn't do it on purpose. Otherwise I would have found a way to get back at him. Maybe laxatives to make him REALLY go!
7	I have a test coming up and I'm feeling pretty good about it.  [SEP] Nice did you prepare well for it [SEP] Yup I'm going to crush it!	Yup I'm going to crush it!	Awesome good luck
1	Sometimes I'm ashamed to be a Millenial because honestly I can't stand 70% of people in my generation..they just make me sick	Sometimes I'm ashamed to be a Millenial because honestly I can't stand 70% of people in my generation..they just make me sick	Nice talking to ya
7	My son is starting college this fall. The application process was very long and stressful. He studied really hard and did great on his SATs. He actually ended up getting accepted at Harvard!	My son is starting college this fall. The application process was very long and stressful. He studied really hard and did great on his SATs. He actually ended up getting accepted at Harvard!	That's great, congratulations
0	I was at a work dinner and I wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. By mistake, it fell. I felt bad about it.	I was at a work dinner and I wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. By mistake, it fell. I felt bad about it.	Mistakes happen! I am sure people aren't too upset. I have numb hands so I drop things all the time
5	I at 20 footlongs from Subway the other day. [SEP] Oh my gosh! Are you ok? I would be sick. [SEP] I don't think I am. I feel just as disgusting as pre-commercial Jerry did.	I don't think I am. I feel just as disgusting as pre-commercial Jerry did.	Yikes! Maybe you shouldn't do that again.
3	Last year, when  my kids were both at school, I would get lonely at home sometimes. [SEP] I can understand that. It's usually either parents are happy they are out of the house, or sad that they're gone. I'm sorry you feel lonely.  [SEP] Most of the time I'm happy and content but occasionally I get lonely.	Most of the time I'm happy and content but occasionally I get lonely.	I can understand that. Kids have a big presence and their energy creates a void. Hopefully you can find things to take your mind off of it. 
7	I have an interview for my potential job tomorrow and have been practicing in front of the mirror all day. [SEP] I hope you get the job. Just don't be nervous . It shoes. [SEP] I feel quite prepared. Hopefully all this practicing pays off.	I feel quite prepared. Hopefully all this practicing pays off.	Good luck. 
0	My little boy just turned 5 and he's about to start kindergarten :(	My little boy just turned 5 and he's about to start kindergarten :(	Look on the bright side, you'll have some extra free time
7	I will be meeting my mom again after she went missing for 30 years. Meeting her soon, and I'm not sure if she still loves me or not. [SEP] That is amazing! A parent will always love their children regardless of past decisions. How did you find her? [SEP] I searched for her on the Internet for the past 20 years. Finally, 6 months ago, her address came up in an Internet search for the first time!	I searched for her on the Internet for the past 20 years. Finally, 6 months ago, her address came up in an Internet search for the first time!	That is truly amazing! I wish you the best of luck! And I am sure she loves you still!
6	MY lease is almost up on my tiny apartment [SEP] What will you do next? [SEP] im looking to rent a house now	im looking to rent a house now	Have you found a house yet?
8	The first night I finally moved into my new place was very nice. I finally had my own spot, to myself, and the means to afford it comfortably. [SEP] I know the feeling When you finally have your own place to do what you want.   [SEP] It's pretty liberating. Would be hard to come back from that freedom though. Hard to imagine it.	It's pretty liberating. Would be hard to come back from that freedom though. Hard to imagine it.	Good or bad I have been in that situation many times.  More recently when I was separated from my current wife.  My own place.  Finally!
5	I am feeling very positive about finally succeeding in busines.	I am feeling very positive about finally succeeding in busines.	That sounds great. Was it a promotion or maybe a raise?
7	I'm going back to college which is really bittersweet.	I'm going back to college which is really bittersweet.	5
0	A car nearly hit me yesterday just because they wanted to change lanes while turning [SEP] Oh man, that is terrifying. I'm glad you didn't get hit. What kind of crazy person tries to turn and change lanes at the same time? [SEP] I don't know. People drive horribly where I live. It's like a zoo every time I need to drive anywhere.	I don't know. People drive horribly where I live. It's like a zoo every time I need to drive anywhere.	I know that feeling, I see that kind of stuff all the time where I live too. I hope you stay safe.
7	My sister graduated college last week. [SEP] Ah - that's a big accomplishment!!!  Did you get her a great present? [SEP] No, I punched her right in the nose like we do here! It's a tradition.	No, I punched her right in the nose like we do here! It's a tradition.	HAHA!  That is the best tradition I've ever heard of!
1	I went to my county fair last night and listened to some music. [SEP] I haven't been to a fair in so long. [SEP] I've missed the last couple of years, but the music was surprisingly good this time.	I've missed the last couple of years, but the music was surprisingly good this time.	That's cool. Did you meet some cool people.
8	I was very angry with how the cowboys team is given so much exposure when I was younger	I was very angry with how the cowboys team is given so much exposure when I was younger	I hated them as well
6	I live in a duplex and my neighbors keep parking their cars too far apart for me to park my one car and its a driveway for 4 cars. They really don't know how to park.	I live in a duplex and my neighbors keep parking their cars too far apart for me to park my one car and its a driveway for 4 cars. They really don't know how to park.	how are you going to resolve this issue
8	I read a book recently that I loved as a kid. [SEP] That's always fun! What book was it? [SEP] Enchantress from the Stars	Enchantress from the Stars	Interesting, I've never read it before. I will have to check it out!
0	My mom made a cake for my brother's birthday so I can't touch it until he eats first. [SEP] Sounds fair. How hungry are you right now? [SEP] Pretty hungry, but the cake looks so good so I want even more. Strawberry shortcake style.	Pretty hungry, but the cake looks so good so I want even more. Strawberry shortcake style.	Haha I understand. It's like those cartoons where the smell is dragging someone through the air.
2	My boss was diagnosed with cancer earlier this summer. I've been trying very hard to work extra to make things easier for her.	My boss was diagnosed with cancer earlier this summer. I've been trying very hard to work extra to make things easier for her.	That is really kind of you, many people would not bother. I hope that she wins her battle.
5	It was a gloomy weekend. A girl didnt call me like she said she would	It was a gloomy weekend. A girl didnt call me like she said she would	Ah, maybe it will look up for you. She could still call?
8	I often feel jealous of my friend [SEP] why is that?? what do they have that you dont have? [SEP] I know its not right but he has the perfect girl, the perfect job and the looks to boot.	I know its not right but he has the perfect girl, the perfect job and the looks to boot.	Yesh that can be hard to deal with, but I believe you will have it all one day too.
6	I was at a restaurant and the waiter didn't serve us at all! She was so lazy! I was so dissapointed.	I was at a restaurant and the waiter didn't serve us at all! She was so lazy! I was so dissapointed.	That's super frustrating! Did you walk out?
0	I am so mad I have to go back to school.	I am so mad I have to go back to school.	I understand that completely, I still have a bit of time to wait
5	I think all of my friends are just around for my money. [SEP] I'm sure they're not - what makes you think that? [SEP] They never pay for anything and always look to me when the bill comes.	They never pay for anything and always look to me when the bill comes.	Perhaps next time the bill arrives, say something like, "ok, so that's $25 each" and take out $25 and put it on the table. They may take the hint.
8	I ate at Gordan Ramsays restaurant. The food was amazing. [SEP] Wow! What did you eat and how much did you spend? [SEP] I got beef wellington, It was about 100 bucks for the meal.	I got beef wellington, It was about 100 bucks for the meal.	I am sure it was excellent and not raw!
4	when i left my family's house to study in another city i got upset.	when i left my family's house to study in another city i got upset.	I'm sorry to hear that. What are you studying?
4	I was upset when my parents told me we would be moving, we went all the way to florida	I was upset when my parents told me we would be moving, we went all the way to florida	Oh sorry to hear that.. Don't you like florida?
3	i was outside watering my flowers and seen a snake [SEP] Oh no, how scary! What did you do? [SEP] took off as fast as i could [SEP] I don't blame you, snakes are scary! Do you know what kind of snake it was? [SEP] a big one. lol [SEP] Lol, yikes!! [SEP] right, i dont know where it went	right, i dont know where it went	Hopefully far, far away!
7	My brother has assured me we are going on a trip soon. I am holding him to that [SEP] do you think its going to happen? [SEP] I do trust him, so yes	I do trust him, so yes	thats good.
3	Just lost my best friend. [SEP] I cant imagine how much that hurts.. I would be so sad. [SEP] It was my dog, he got ran over.	It was my dog, he got ran over.	It always hurts more when its unexpected. Hopefully time heals.
4	When I hear some songs I remember my time in high school [SEP] What was high school like for you? [SEP] I got bullied really badly, but some of my bullies apologized after	I got bullied really badly, but some of my bullies apologized after	Oh, that's awful. I'm really sorry. So do the songs bring back bad memories?
1	I always make a list before I go food shopping, never want to forget anything. [SEP] That is a great idea! I need to do that as well, seems I always forget something! [SEP] It's helped so much, never have to drive back to get one more thing anymore!	It's helped so much, never have to drive back to get one more thing anymore!	That is great! I'm happy for you!
6	I watched my daughter start high school this week	I watched my daughter start high school this week	How did that make you feel?
4	My birthday was yesterday. Everybody seems to have forgotten about it though. I didn't get a single happy birthday from anyone family or friends. I thought it was really depressing.	My birthday was yesterday. Everybody seems to have forgotten about it though. I didn't get a single happy birthday from anyone family or friends. I thought it was really depressing.	am sorry about that, you could have reminded them perharps
0	When i see old people on the road. I feel bad and i just feel i like i want to take care of them	When i see old people on the road. I feel bad and i just feel i like i want to take care of them	I know exactly what you mean.
7	I just finished an interview for a new job!  I am fairly certain I nailed it!	I just finished an interview for a new job!  I am fairly certain I nailed it!	Congratulations! I am sure you deserve it.
5	I was envious of my neighbor. He built a new deck [SEP] Aww!  Maybe it's time to start building yours! [SEP] I am thinking about it	I am thinking about it	Maybe you should start saving up some extra money so you can make yours better!!
5	I just moved to a new country. I know no one.	I just moved to a new country. I know no one.	do you feel confortable in the new contry? maybe you should download an app to meat people
8	The only reason I have this house is because my parents bought it when it was affordable. [SEP] Well thats not good [SEP] I got lucky.	I got lucky.	I guess you did
4	When my father died, so many people helped us and lended us support.	When my father died, so many people helped us and lended us support.	I'm so sorry to hear about your father. That's so awesome to hear about the support you received, though!
1	My girlfriend and I had an argument this afternoon, while she's about to go away to see relatives for a week. It's kind of a bummer because we don't really communicate that well, especially when it comes to arguments. It usually devolves into us rather not talking instead of trying to fully speak out our issues. [SEP] I am sorry, I guess some friends just argue like that [SEP] Yeah, which is fine if we were just friends, but we're significant others and we plan to get married, so it's kind of worrisome that after years being together that we're not better at communicating, or at least working through an argument. It's hard for us to put aside our personal feelings and be objective, but only when it's with one another, for some reason.	Yeah, which is fine if we were just friends, but we're significant others and we plan to get married, so it's kind of worrisome that after years being together that we're not better at communicating, or at least working through an argument. It's hard for us to put aside our personal feelings and be objective, but only when it's with one another, for some reason.	I am sure you guys will make up
3	I found out recently that my school processed my financial aid paperwork improperly. So I won't be able to attend school this semester. [SEP] Oh no. That happened to my sister last year. We were able to work out a plan, but she had to get a loan temporarily. [SEP] I recently had to declare bankruptcy, so that unfortunately isn't an option for me.	I recently had to declare bankruptcy, so that unfortunately isn't an option for me.	That's no fun, but I hope everything works out for next semester.
4	So Bob got the promotion at work even though I put in all those hours. [SEP] That's gotta be terrible. Why did they pick him instead of you? [SEP] They made us both take a test. I geuss he scored better than me.	They made us both take a test. I geuss he scored better than me.	I'm sorry to hear. Will you have another chance to get promoted?
1	I am enrolled in a motorcycle class tomorrow! I am a little nervous though!	I am enrolled in a motorcycle class tomorrow! I am a little nervous though!	Wow. That sounds exciting. You should do fine.
5	I really care about my brothers, our bond is closer than most I feel like	I really care about my brothers, our bond is closer than most I feel like	thats what the love and family bond i think
7	i care about my wife and i always want the best for her  [SEP] That's very nice of you. I feel the same way about my husband. Isn't it nice to care about someone? [SEP] it is so beautiful when you can just rely on them and not even overthink about it.	it is so beautiful when you can just rely on them and not even overthink about it.	It is probably one of the best feelings!
3	I had to cancel on a friend tonight. I felt bad about it but I was so tired [SEP] They'll understand, sometimes it's better not to overextend yourself [SEP] I hope so	I hope so	Better to rest so you can do everything you want tomorrow!
8	I'm feeling really stoked about this coming weekend. [SEP] Whats goin on? [SEP] Going to meet some friends I haven't seen in a LONG time and probably catch a movie.	Going to meet some friends I haven't seen in a LONG time and probably catch a movie.	That should be fun. I have to work this weekend. I need to hang with friends before I go crazy
2	I've been with my employer for 8 years. They're going through a tough time now, and I'm trying to do my best although the work has been really hectic [SEP] Are they going to shut down? [SEP] Business has been really bad. I'm hoping for miracle, but it doesn't look good.	Business has been really bad. I'm hoping for miracle, but it doesn't look good.	I hope it works out. i don't want anyone to be out of work.
0	I got a nice letter in the mail today, when's the last time you got an actual letter? [SEP] Like years. I use emails a lot but I don't feel the need to use actual paper letters. It's 2018! [SEP] It was a good feeling, brought back a lot of old memories.	It was a good feeling, brought back a lot of old memories.	I know right. That kind of stuff is very nostalgic
8	I had to go to Walmart the other day to get my nephew a birthday present, he wanted Legos! [SEP] I love Legos! They have gotten expensive though. [SEP] They really have!  I was standing in the aisle looking at all the options and it just hit me, I don't have Legos all over my living room floor anymore.  Talk about crying in the middle of Walmart because your kids have outgrown Legos!	They really have!  I was standing in the aisle looking at all the options and it just hit me, I don't have Legos all over my living room floor anymore.  Talk about crying in the middle of Walmart because your kids have outgrown Legos!	Yeah, thinking about old toys makes me somewhat sad.
1	I was content with a B on my exam. [SEP] It is a passing grade. I would be fine with it. [SEP] Yes I studied hard to pass.	Yes I studied hard to pass.	A guess an A would've been nice then since you worked so hard.
7	i had a interview last week! i think im getting the promotion at work	i had a interview last week! i think im getting the promotion at work	That would be great. Good luck.
2	The sun is shining where I am and I have no plans. I'm fairly happy with that. [SEP] Hey that's great!  That makes for an awesome day.  It's not quite daylight here yet. [SEP] It get's light here about 5am so when it's sunny you wake up super early. [SEP] Yeah.  It's usuallty around 0600 here when it gets light.  It's only 3 here now though [SEP] Well I hope it turns out nice there too.	Well I hope it turns out nice there too.	Yeah I'm sure it will.  Enjoy your beautiful day!
0	i am visiting my old hometown on vacation! [SEP] That's cool.  Where at [SEP] San Diego, CA. I haven't been back here in 12 years. Being back here brings back sooooo many memories!	San Diego, CA. I haven't been back here in 12 years. Being back here brings back sooooo many memories!	That's aweseome I've always wanted to go to Cali...from the Midwest, moved to TX to escape the desolate tundra haha
1	I was so scared, but felt so sure of myself to make the long drive across the USA!  [SEP] wow thats a nice little drive! [SEP] Oh yes it was it took me 6 days, but it was so much fun and I knew I could do it. 	Oh yes it was it took me 6 days, but it was so much fun and I knew I could do it. 	oh wow i would think it would take longer
4	I lost my job and my wife is a stay at home mom. I don't know how to pay for rent, i'm so stressed	I lost my job and my wife is a stay at home mom. I don't know how to pay for rent, i'm so stressed	oh no. o'm sorry to here that.
8	I got to meet my kids teacher yesterday. [SEP] Oh yeah? I bet that was exciting for both of you. Open house at their school? [SEP] Yep. I was surprised because she is so young but she seemed really accomplished.	Yep. I was surprised because she is so young but she seemed really accomplished.	I had an experience similar to that as well. Their teachers look like they should still be in High School. But, they are so eager to do well I get excited with my kids for the school year.
4	i was crushed when i didnt get the weekend off [SEP] Now that's just not right! Weekends are supposed to be for relaxing and hanging out with friends, not slaving away for the man! Hopefully you didn't have to cancel any plans... [SEP] yea had to cancel my trip	yea had to cancel my trip	Wow, that really sucks, I'm sorry to hear that. You deserve to take yourself some vacation time or sick time or something.
1	Do you have any kids? [SEP] Yes I have 3 children [SEP] I do too. My son is super shy and has had a crush on this girl for such a long time. It sounds silly but one of my best mommy moments was when he asked her out	I do too. My son is super shy and has had a crush on this girl for such a long time. It sounds silly but one of my best mommy moments was when he asked her out	That is so cute! That must make you proud
8	I accidentally tripped while walking into a restaurant for dinner, totally ruined my appetite. [SEP] Man that really stinks. I hope that you are ok! [SEP] I'm fine but I was wearing nice clothes and they got a bit ruined.	I'm fine but I was wearing nice clothes and they got a bit ruined.	Oh no well at least you aren't hurt
5	I baked a bunch of cookies for my neighbors. Unfortunately I ate them all instead. I have no self control! [SEP] Haha oh no. Sometimes you need a cheat day. [SEP] This happens way too often. I think I may need to find a 12 step program for my cookie addiction.	This happens way too often. I think I may need to find a 12 step program for my cookie addiction.	Maybe next time have a huge meal before you start baking. That way you arent hungry. 
0	My daughter lost her last baby tooth today, she's growing up and it gets me a little choked up. [SEP] I was just talking about this with my friend. They are getting too old [SEP] I know they have to grow up and all but can't they stay littles for a little bit longer?	I know they have to grow up and all but can't they stay littles for a little bit longer?	i know right.
8	I love my wife so much, i would never be able to cheat on her. i don't know how some people can cheat on their spouses [SEP] Well I love my husband and I have cheated so it really one doesn't have much to do with the other. [SEP] why would you cheat on him? I will never understand that	why would you cheat on him? I will never understand that	its not about cheating... you can love someone but if they don't meet certain needs, not just sexual... you can get it elsewhere but that doesnt negate your love for the person who is unable to fulfill your needs
7	I  provide for a family of 8. It's tiring but rewarding [SEP] Wow! The struggle is real. I hope you're not too tired and stressed. I wish you luck for being so selfless!  [SEP] I love my wife alot, we had a set of twin 3 times in a row so the children are 6 plus myself and her all 8 [SEP] Do twins run in your family or are you just lucky? I mean that seriously, not sarcastically  [SEP] I got lucky :) 	I got lucky :) 	That's awesome! You won the kiddo lottery! I wish you all the best of health and happiness!!! 
8	My dog pooped on my carpet. I was so mad! [SEP] Was the dog upset about something or was he/she just telling you whose boss? [SEP] I think she was just telling me who is boss haha. I put her outside immediately to contemplate her mistake.	I think she was just telling me who is boss haha. I put her outside immediately to contemplate her mistake.	She probably bad mouthed you while out there.
7	I did not get my paycheck cleared before the weekend. I was pretty mad at myself [SEP] That would be disappointing. What will you do? [SEP] I will have to be wise with money until monday I guess	I will have to be wise with money until monday I guess	That's too bad. Good luck with that.
8	When I got back from vacation, most of my garden was dead. My roommate promised me she would water it!	When I got back from vacation, most of my garden was dead. My roommate promised me she would water it!	I will go out on a limb and say she didn't hold up her end, hope you get your garden back bright and beautiful
8	Back in elementary school I got the lead role in a play, "The Selfish Giant" based off Oscar Wilde's short novel...I was really nervous and timid at first...but knocked em dead 2 nights in a row, had parents and teachers crying and applauding it was pretty hilarious [SEP] Some things like that you wont ever forget thats pretty rad  [SEP] Yeah you're right about that	Yeah you're right about that	you should do it again just for the heck of it 
7	I'll try new Chinese recipe today. [SEP] I only like american food! [SEP] Well. I'm fascinating about variety of foods. I hope it'll taste better today.	Well. I'm fascinating about variety of foods. I hope it'll taste better today.	Food is the gateway to the soul.
5	I have a book with my daughters drawings in them. [SEP] What does she like to draw? [SEP] She is four so they are mostly scribbles lol [SEP] Still cute though, you must be proud. [SEP] I am. She is left handed so I think she will be very artistic	I am. She is left handed so I think she will be very artistic	Maybe she will eventually want to study art.
7	i am sure the braves are going to contend this year [SEP] I don't know much about baseball but I went to a Braves game a few weeks ago and it was fun [SEP] they are so much fun! the new stadium is great	they are so much fun! the new stadium is great	Yes it is! We walked all around it
4	I lose my confidence about my career slowly. [SEP] Why is that? [SEP] I finished my degree 4 years back. But still am unable to fit any job.	I finished my degree 4 years back. But still am unable to fit any job.	I am sorry to hear that, I wish you luck!
4	I am nervous.. I have to go to court for the first time.	I am nervous.. I have to go to court for the first time.	Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. I have been to court before; it isn't as scary as it seems.
7	I had always been early to work and never late until this past month.	I had always been early to work and never late until this past month.	Thats good to hear and do
7	I recently had my son and it was the best experience of my life.	I recently had my son and it was the best experience of my life.	Kids are the best
6	 I stayed home from work today because my son was sick [SEP] Stressful. Was your work understanding? Is he ok? [SEP] I haven’t called in before so it was no big deal	I haven’t called in before so it was no big deal	Is he feeling better?
7	My girlfriend is going on vacation out of the country with her friends for 2 weeks [SEP] That is a long time.  What are you going to do? [SEP] Try not to worry and trust her.	Try not to worry and trust her.	That is  good.  Might be a good time to work on you
0	I'm looking forward to the new football season starting! [SEP] Really? Are you watching training? [SEP] Yeah - I co-own a team in Spain so I can access video of them preparing. [SEP] Oh you mean soccer lol [SEP] Yeah - sorry, should have explained that. I forget that in America you don't sue the right name :-)	Yeah - sorry, should have explained that. I forget that in America you don't sue the right name :-)	I will agree with you there. We use whatever words we want.
1	MY sister got fired recently. I was happy [SEP] Wow, that can be stressful, Why were you happy? [SEP] She really hated the job. Now she can find something better. [SEP] Maybe she should have just quit! but i hope the best for her in the future. [SEP] I hope she finishes school.	I hope she finishes school.	indeed, the future could be bright for her.
8	I'm really ready for Fall weather. [SEP] Me too. I cant take this heat anymore. It is so muggy outside. Its so annoying. [SEP] I live in the South, so I know what you mean.	I live in the South, so I know what you mean.	Same here. The humidity is just the absolute worse. 
3	I am so mad at my best friend.  She won the lotto last week. [SEP] Wow! How much was it? [SEP] a Half Million... can you believe it?? [SEP] I'd be mad too. You don't think she will share it with you [SEP] even if she did.. she isnt going to give me that much.. why can't I ever be the one that wins?	even if she did.. she isnt going to give me that much.. why can't I ever be the one that wins?	I never win either.
5	I watched the scariest movie on TV last night. It gave me the creeps and I couldn't sleep I was so terrified! [SEP] What movie? I can't watch scary movies anymore since having kids, they are too realistic now haha [SEP] It was Insidious. Don't watch it by yourself if you want to sleep.	It was Insidious. Don't watch it by yourself if you want to sleep.	Thank you for the heads up! Maybe sleep with a night light on tonight :) Sweet dreams!
7	The doctor recommended hospice for my grandad today [SEP] That's so sad. What do you think about that? [SEP] I don't want him to go but he is really ill	I don't want him to go but he is really ill	It might be best to send him then. On the bright side, you will still be able to visit him and I am sure he'll be taken care of very well.
1	I had to take my car to the mechanic the other day.  I don't know anything bout cars, but I know my guy is honest.	I had to take my car to the mechanic the other day.  I don't know anything bout cars, but I know my guy is honest.	Its nice to have a reliable person like that
2	This morning I ran over my neighbors mail box. When getting home later that afternoon I noticed it was back up. I hope he doesn't know it was me! [SEP] Oops. Well it happens. You better hope they don't have a camera haha. [SEP] That's the first thing I thought of! I don't remember ever seeing a camera there. I do feel pretty terrible, though.	That's the first thing I thought of! I don't remember ever seeing a camera there. I do feel pretty terrible, though.	Don't worry. They will probably run over your mailbox one day and hope you don't have a camera.
1	I learned today that my friends wife had an affair with his brother.  I'm beyond flabbergasted. [SEP] Wow! How can someone do that to someone with someone so close? [SEP] I don't know.  I thought I knew who she was, obviously I don't.	I don't know.  I thought I knew who she was, obviously I don't.	That's such a shame. And shame on his brother, too!
3	i didnt think i could jump as high as I did when I stepped on that snake!	i didnt think i could jump as high as I did when I stepped on that snake!	 I hate snakes!
1	i cleaned my parents attic and found all my old kids toys! [SEP] Nice! That must be so much fun to see all that stuff again. Maybe they are collectors items now. [SEP] Maybe im just excited to share them with my kids	Maybe im just excited to share them with my kids	What a cool experience. I wish my parents kept some of my stuff for me.
5	I keep heading a noises coming from my attic [SEP] Uh oh!!!  Better go investigate! [SEP] Well, I think there's a family of squirrels living up there. I'm not worried about it, but it's keeping me from falling asleep.	Well, I think there's a family of squirrels living up there. I'm not worried about it, but it's keeping me from falling asleep.	Yeah that would suck.  You should throw some peanuts or corn up there.
1	My neighbor keeps parking in my parking spot! 	My neighbor keeps parking in my parking spot! 	That sounds really annoying!  You should confront him and request he stop.
5	I got caught by the train and it made me late for work. I was so mad.	I got caught by the train and it made me late for work. I was so mad.	maybe go earlier later?
2	my friend ran away from her adopted parents. she told me nobody ever knew that they were very abusive. i feel so bad for her, i wanna help her but i don't know how [SEP] Oh that is such a tragic thing to hear. I'm so sorry. Where did she go when she ran away? [SEP] she went to a different state, i know she lives with her friend right now, so at least she is safe	she went to a different state, i know she lives with her friend right now, so at least she is safe	I am thankful for that! I'm glad she got out, I hope her future becomes bright.
2	So, went for a jog around the block yesterday. I was quite pleased to find a couple of elderly women were checking me out!	So, went for a jog around the block yesterday. I was quite pleased to find a couple of elderly women were checking me out!	That is good stuff.  I bet that made you feel good!
8	Do you ever remember stuff you did as a kid out of the blue, and retroactively feel bad about it? I remembered this time we went to my father's friend's house, and while the adults were busy I ate some of the white stuffing from their oreos, and hid the cookies underneath their mattress and couch cushions.	Do you ever remember stuff you did as a kid out of the blue, and retroactively feel bad about it? I remembered this time we went to my father's friend's house, and while the adults were busy I ate some of the white stuffing from their oreos, and hid the cookies underneath their mattress and couch cushions.	i cant say that i do
8	I went shopping yesterday and bought a $2000 bag. My husband is going to kill me.. [SEP] Haha my girlfriend does the same thing.  Check comes in and she is so happy to have money for the next two weeks, then goes and spends it all on clothing and accessories.   [SEP] All women have the same problem. It is a guilty pleasure..	All women have the same problem. It is a guilty pleasure..	We all deserve to treat ourselves every now and then.
6	i felt all alone the other day [SEP] I hear you! What made you feel all alone? [SEP] kids were gone for the weekend	kids were gone for the weekend	Oh okay! Where did they go?
6	I couldnt sleep for a month when I first moved into my apartment. It was full of cockroaches. 	I couldnt sleep for a month when I first moved into my apartment. It was full of cockroaches. 	That's gross! Did you complain to your landlord?
5	My buddy just came to work showing off his big new tundra. [SEP] Oh cool!  Is he going to let you drive it?  lol [SEP] Ha no, but I'm still super happy with my little old Tacoma!	Ha no, but I'm still super happy with my little old Tacoma!	Maybe you can swap Toyotas for a day :D
2	sadly we got word our grandmothers canceris back [SEP] That is unfortunate, is it possible to go through chemotherapy again? [SEP] im not sure she is really old 	im not sure she is really old 	I hope everything works out for you 
8	i worked hard this summer to lose my belly, i was walking around the beach with confidence . I think i'm hot now [SEP] Well done to you. Its not so easy to lose weight. What motivated you? [SEP] i just wanted to have some abs once in my life, no promises i will keep them 	i just wanted to have some abs once in my life, no promises i will keep them 	Having a good looking body is not just to look good its also a reflection of a healthy life. You should try and keep it.
4	My friend promised to take care of my pets while I was on vacation. [SEP] That was so nice of them, what kind of pets? [SEP] Well, I had 2 dogs, 3 cats, and a hermit crab. [SEP] Quite the little zoo.  What a great friend you have! [SEP] Yes, the hermit crab didn't make it though.	Yes, the hermit crab didn't make it though.	I'm so sorry for your loss!
1	My daughters are talented musicians. I'm very proud of them.	My daughters are talented musicians. I'm very proud of them.	That is awesome, I am very much the opposite, hat is a great skill!
0	My 21-year old daughter recently moved out and she came back to visit! [SEP] Oh that's great!, was it a surprise? [SEP] She told me she was coming but didn't say when.  But then just showed up to surprise me.  I was so happy.	She told me she was coming but didn't say when.  But then just showed up to surprise me.  I was so happy.	I'm very happy for you, I'm going to visit my mom next month actually.
4	Unfortunately it didn't work out so well	Unfortunately it didn't work out so well	Sorry to hear that, what happened?
1	this summer i have had the pleasure of being able to have my daughter stay with me, who usually lives in another city!	this summer i have had the pleasure of being able to have my daughter stay with me, who usually lives in another city!	That sounds great!  You must have felt really happy!
8	There always seems to be bad news on TV these days. [SEP] Who even watches TV this days? [SEP] good point! I mean on the internet, papers etc. There never seems to be good news. It worries me.	good point! I mean on the internet, papers etc. There never seems to be good news. It worries me.	Because history is not made, it is written. 
1	My father in law makes sure I am taken care of and he is the sweetest guy in the world.  It makes me feel special.	My father in law makes sure I am taken care of and he is the sweetest guy in the world.  It makes me feel special.	That is amazing. Sounds like you have a really good support system.
5	I'm so grateful for video games, they have brought so much joy to my life in stressful moments in life. [SEP] I love video games too, what's your favorite. I really like "Don't Starve" by Klei. [SEP] Haven't heard of that one, I'll have to check it out.  Right now, I'm really enjoying Monster Hunter.	Haven't heard of that one, I'll have to check it out.  Right now, I'm really enjoying Monster Hunter.	Oooh my friends have been playing that, maybe I should get it too
6	I was always so afraid to go to sleep when I was a little kid...Always thought there were spooky monsters under the bed.	I was always so afraid to go to sleep when I was a little kid...Always thought there were spooky monsters under the bed.	I think some kids go through that. Did your parents comfort you?
1	MY family got together and built my grandma a gazebo for her birthday. [SEP] That's so nice! Did she like your craftsmanship? [SEP] I did a little painting. I don't build things.	I did a little painting. I don't build things.	It was still a nice gesture. I would love my children to build be a big ole gazebo.
5	I had to take a test in order to graduate college but I really didn't understand the subject at all and couldn't get anywhere studying on my own. After a lot of agony my sister sat down with me and went over it in detail. She really helped me to learn and understand it. Thanks to her I got a great score on the test! [SEP] That is very nice of your sister! [SEP] I thought so. I really am so happy with her. Do you think I should do something nice for her in return?	I thought so. I really am so happy with her. Do you think I should do something nice for her in return?	Yeah, maybe you should get her a gift of some sort.
1	Sometimes I hum songs from the 90s to myself, they were such earworms [SEP] Older songs definitely have more texture and quality to them compared to the manufactured stuff we have that all sounds the same [SEP] Yeah, but maybe we'll feel the same way in another 20 years haha	Yeah, but maybe we'll feel the same way in another 20 years haha	Yeah when robots are like walking around playing the latest hologram music or something haha
6	Lately, I was having financial issues. The company that I am working for me is going to pay us bonuses.	Lately, I was having financial issues. The company that I am working for me is going to pay us bonuses.	That's great. How big is the bonus going to be?
7	I am up for a promotion at work. There are three other people up for it too but I am sure I will get it	I am up for a promotion at work. There are three other people up for it too but I am sure I will get it	Congratulations on getting that far! What position is it?
8	I miss my old house in Orlando [SEP] ok, where do you live now [SEP] I live in Cleveland, a very boring city.	I live in Cleveland, a very boring city.	ya every one shares a good bond with our native places
6	I'm watching my brother's dog this weekend. [SEP] thats nice of you, what kind of dog> [SEP] She's a mutt. So not sure.	She's a mutt. So not sure.	lol is she a big dog?
7	I am getting a second vacuum from the same company tomorrow and I truly hope it's not a doozy like the first one was!	I am getting a second vacuum from the same company tomorrow and I truly hope it's not a doozy like the first one was!	Good luck, what was wrong with the first?
5	My dog always listens to me whenever I call him or direct him to do something. He's a very good boy. [SEP] That's good. Dogs are the best but an obedient dog is even better! [SEP] Indeed, I have had lots of dogs but it's best if they respond to commands well. Some just need work but all can be good.	Indeed, I have had lots of dogs but it's best if they respond to commands well. Some just need work but all can be good.	I can't wait to have a dog. Maybe when my daughter is older..
5	My boss wants to talk to me after lunch. I don't know what it could be about.	My boss wants to talk to me after lunch. I don't know what it could be about.	It could be something good maybe.
1	My friend just bought a car that I have been trying to afford for months! [SEP] What car is it? [SEP] Its a Tesla. I am beyond envious of him. It might take me another 3 years before I can buy one.	Its a Tesla. I am beyond envious of him. It might take me another 3 years before I can buy one.	Those are nice cars, but keep working, it will come in due time
2	Yesterday I got a raise! I'm glad my work was noticed	Yesterday I got a raise! I'm glad my work was noticed	Congrats.I bet you worked hard for tha raised.
8	I'm 26 and can bench, squat, and deadlift over 300lbs...I feel pretty good about myself overall [SEP] Wow that's pretty good, you must be a member of the thousand pound club? [SEP] Nope just train on my own! How about you do you like working out	Nope just train on my own! How about you do you like working out	Yeah I used to be a powerlifter, but injures cut my career short unfortunately, stay healthy!
4	I am not in the best mood today. I wish it turned out differently. 	I am not in the best mood today. I wish it turned out differently. 	That sounds terrible. Sorry to hear that. What exactly happened?
6	I had to drink and shower in the lake yesterday because I lost my job.	I had to drink and shower in the lake yesterday because I lost my job.	What kind of job
2	well, it's time. I'm going to ask the girl of my dreams out on a date [SEP] That's a good idea! [SEP] yep, and I know she'll say yes. she has to	yep, and I know she'll say yes. she has to	Hopefully!
5	I told my wife my deepest darkest secret.  [SEP] Yeah, I'm taking care of her for the last few months.  [SEP] Ok good for you	Ok good for you	yeah i should
3	I sent a parcel to my cousin recently and it never arrived. It cost me $50  [SEP] Wow! Some delivery driver must be excited about their latest acquisition!  [SEP] I did think that it had probably been stolen but I try to see the best in people so I hoped it had just been delayed. That was 2 months ago and it still has not arrived. Maybe it is time to move on [SEP] I didn't mean to sound so flippant. That is a lot of money to lose. Was the item itself expensive also? [SEP] yes it was a gift for his wedding. I have contacted the delivery service but they have thousands of parcels and it takes a long time to locate a single one. I don't know what to do next	yes it was a gift for his wedding. I have contacted the delivery service but they have thousands of parcels and it takes a long time to locate a single one. I don't know what to do next	Well, I hope they can trace it for you. Better late than never. I wish you good luck with that! 
4	I feel anxious going to them.	I feel anxious going to them.	I am sorry about that. Where are you going?
6	I accidentally left a very important document at my house that I needed at work. It made me look foolish in front of my boss when I didn't have it :(	I accidentally left a very important document at my house that I needed at work. It made me look foolish in front of my boss when I didn't have it :(	Oh no. Did you explain it to him?
4	I found my old teddy bear in a box from a storage unit today. It really brought back some memories. [SEP] That's really cool! What kind of memories resurfaced? [SEP] It was the last thing my mom gave me before she passed away, so it wasn't really good memories.	It was the last thing my mom gave me before she passed away, so it wasn't really good memories.	Oh, I am sorry for being so insensitive. I am sure your mother is in a better place.
5	Last week, my partner's mom passed away. It was truly hard for her to comprehend all the mixed feelings at that moment [SEP] I am so sorry to hear that.  Losing a loved one is definitely one of the hardest things in life. [SEP] I know. I wish I could help my partner, but i think time is the only heal to emotional wounds	I know. I wish I could help my partner, but i think time is the only heal to emotional wounds	Maybe they just need some time to let the emotions settle a bit.
2	I'm finally able to afford decent health insurance for once in my life. Not only does it feel good to know I'm covered for some unexpected bad stuff, but I can actually go to the dentist and optometrist and keep up with my teeth/eye health for once.	I'm finally able to afford decent health insurance for once in my life. Not only does it feel good to know I'm covered for some unexpected bad stuff, but I can actually go to the dentist and optometrist and keep up with my teeth/eye health for once.	Glad to hear it! Health is such an important thing, and the more you look after your body, the better it will treat you. 
8	Unlike you, I am invited to a pool party tomorrow at a friend's house. So much hype to feel for this event and can't wait for it	Unlike you, I am invited to a pool party tomorrow at a friend's house. So much hype to feel for this event and can't wait for it	That was harsh lol
2	MY nest will be empty soon. I don't know what I'm going to do. [SEP] New hobby. Maybe surfing or hiking. [SEP] I'm too old for that. I think I'll buy a bunch of jugsaw puzzles. [SEP] Your never to old. I thought my father to surf at 67 years old. Your die sitting in front of a puzzle. How about Yoga or painting class?  [SEP] Yoga? oh lord. Painting sounds fun though	Yoga? oh lord. Painting sounds fun though	Yoga is low impact. They have classes for all ages and levels. It will be a reason to get up and help you stay healthy longer.
0	Fruits have been so expensive lately, so our neighbors always brings us a basket of pears from their trees! [SEP] That is so incredibly nice of them.  It is nice to have good neighbors...and good pears! [SEP] They are great people. They had so many that instead of throwing them out, they took the time to collect them and share it with us!	They are great people. They had so many that instead of throwing them out, they took the time to collect them and share it with us!	Wow, I wish I had neighbors like that.  I'm stuck going to the store and paying $2.99 a pound on them.  You're right, it is expensive.
1	I saw an old car I used to own driving around (1970 plymouth duster)   the kid that baught it is taking good care of it	I saw an old car I used to own driving around (1970 plymouth duster)   the kid that baught it is taking good care of it	That's a good kid. Pretty amazing a 70s car is still going around.
5	At work, a new coworker keep looking at me in weird way. I feel very uncomfortable. [SEP] you should probably talk to that co worker and if it doesn't stop i would report it to the HR [SEP] I don't know. I don't want to make problems for nothing. He is a very weird guy.	I don't know. I don't want to make problems for nothing. He is a very weird guy.	I don't think you would make any problems. who knows maybe he is a pervert
5	The other day I stole my neighbors mail. [SEP] That wasn't very nice. [SEP] I feel really bad for doing that.	I feel really bad for doing that.	You should return it.
1	Someone broke into my car and ripped everything out, even the side speakers! I looked like the Hulk that night when I saw the wreckage. [SEP] Did you call the police? [SEP] Yeah, they came and took a report and said to report it to my insurance. I should buy a surveillance camera.	Yeah, they came and took a report and said to report it to my insurance. I should buy a surveillance camera.	I suggest a Night Owl surveillance system.
1	Women in this part of Texas must be deprived of outsiders...because I get sideways stares from all the Latina ladies when I walk into any gym, bar, or supermarket and it trips me out [SEP] They're checking you out or they're glaring at you? [SEP] the former...their husbands / dads / boyfriends the latter hahaha	the former...their husbands / dads / boyfriends the latter hahaha	Ha ha!  Guess they like what they see! 
4	I just lost my grandfather a month ago. [SEP] That's really sad. Were you close to him? [SEP] I was very close to him.  He was my favorite grandparent and I really miss him.	I was very close to him.  He was my favorite grandparent and I really miss him.	I am sorry to hear that. I was pretty distraught when I lost my granddad as well. May he rest in peace.
3	I was keeping my savings at home in safe. My house was recently robbed. The safe is gone also. [SEP] Oh no! Did you have any sort of security cameras to see who did it? [SEP] They were hidden their faces and wearing gloves. I don't think that the police will be to find them. I feel totally destroyed.	They were hidden their faces and wearing gloves. I don't think that the police will be to find them. I feel totally destroyed.	That's horrible. I hope you can find a way to recoup what was lost quickly and move on.
4	my coworkers had a get together after work and never even invited me [SEP] Wow that must have stung! [SEP] i feel like an outsider all the time with them	i feel like an outsider all the time with them	I am so sorry.  It must make work hard
6	 My brother pulled a mean prank 	 My brother pulled a mean prank 	What kind of prank did he pull on you?
1	So the other day I had a crazy long day and got home to find all of my chocolate was gone! 	So the other day I had a crazy long day and got home to find all of my chocolate was gone! 	Oh my gosh! I would have been so upset! Nothing is better than chocolates on a bad day.
0	I talked to my brother the other day. We don't talk much and I miss him.	I talked to my brother the other day. We don't talk much and I miss him.	I know how you feel, my brother is my best friend but I only talk to him about once a month because he is so busy.  Where is your brother now?
7	I have studied and am sure I will pass the test.	I have studied and am sure I will pass the test.	Good luck! Do your best. you sound well prepapred.
3	We were stuck in traffic for over an hour due to a wreck the other day.	We were stuck in traffic for over an hour due to a wreck the other day.	That's really annoying for you but I hope everyone involved is okay.
2	I'm going to meet characters in disney world! [SEP] That sounds like so much fun! Is this your first time? [SEP] This is my first time since I was much smaller as a kid.	This is my first time since I was much smaller as a kid.	You will have a lot of fun. It really is nice there. 
3	Today was my one day to sleep in, and I got woken up early by the construction workers making noise early this morning	Today was my one day to sleep in, and I got woken up early by the construction workers making noise early this morning	Gee, that's no fun. I hope it wasn't too early? There are usually laws about making noise early in the morning.
2	I was happy when my brother moved home. I missed him	I was happy when my brother moved home. I missed him	I bet! I am glad you have a good relationship with a sibling! That's rarer nowadays
7	My parents just gave me the best birthday present ever. [SEP] How exciting! What is it? [SEP] They paid off my car.  I have been trying to save for a house, but I wasn't going to buy one until my car was paid for.  It was going to be 4 years, but now I don't have to wait!	They paid off my car.  I have been trying to save for a house, but I wasn't going to buy one until my car was paid for.  It was going to be 4 years, but now I don't have to wait!	Omg! That really is the best birthday present ever!
8	My neighbor is out again having a party...I find it strange because he yelled at me on a night before when he was working...but it's okay when he wants too?	My neighbor is out again having a party...I find it strange because he yelled at me on a night before when he was working...but it's okay when he wants too?	No, not if he is being loud and rude, that is never okay
8	I found a huge nail on my car's tire... horrible thing to encounter early in the morningt	I found a huge nail on my car's tire... horrible thing to encounter early in the morningt	You are very lucky you didn't crash your car while driving.
6	I am finding it really difficult to sell my old, vintage car.	I am finding it really difficult to sell my old, vintage car.	Why is that?
2	Went to the store, and the steaks were $1 per pound. I stocked up! [SEP] What!! That's a crazy good deal!! where at? [SEP] It's at Giant. Not sure if you guys have it where you live.	It's at Giant. Not sure if you guys have it where you live.	we do! I will definitely go there tomorrow. hopefully our giant has the same deal lol
5	Well someone I am thinking of working things out with talked about coming over on Sunday. I felt really uncomfortable with that because they haven't done enough to build back enough trust with me yet. 	Well someone I am thinking of working things out with talked about coming over on Sunday. I felt really uncomfortable with that because they haven't done enough to build back enough trust with me yet. 	Maybe you should be straight with him?  That’s the only thing that will make it good in my opinion. 
8	Have you heard anything from the bank?  	Have you heard anything from the bank?  	I have not, I was hoping they called you instead.
6	I hoped today that I would get a charge reversed from a company that charged me early for a free trial	I hoped today that I would get a charge reversed from a company that charged me early for a free trial	did it work out or still waiting to hear back?
6	I give up on trying to figure out most women! I compliment her and give her my undivided attention and she pulls away. But the minute I start being unattached and talking to another lady she clings on desperately for my attention it drives me nuts hahaha	I give up on trying to figure out most women! I compliment her and give her my undivided attention and she pulls away. But the minute I start being unattached and talking to another lady she clings on desperately for my attention it drives me nuts hahaha	Is this your girlfriend?
0	One time I stole a candy bar from a store, I felt so ashamed	One time I stole a candy bar from a store, I felt so ashamed	it happens to everyone , i stole too
5	At a party I found myself to be by myself [SEP] I understand sometimes it uncomfortable to socialize, I get anxiety in social situations [SEP] Yes, but I didn't really fit in with the crowd..I couldn't connect with them on anything.	Yes, but I didn't really fit in with the crowd..I couldn't connect with them on anything.	Sometimes its just a phase or maybe the group of people are not making an effort to make you feel included? I am sorry I know how that feels.
1	My two daughters are both musicians.	My two daughters are both musicians.	Congrats.You must be very proud of her.
7	I am really hoping I get accepted into the school counseling program for grad school. [SEP] Do you think you have a good shot? [SEP] I think so! I just have to be prepared for the interview.	I think so! I just have to be prepared for the interview.	Is the interview soon? Good luck.
3	i think my son is addicted to screens and he is three	i think my son is addicted to screens and he is three	That's not good! Take them away, start early
7	Well I just got a call telling me I have gotten the job.  I got a new job!	Well I just got a call telling me I have gotten the job.  I got a new job!	Congratulations! I hope you lovve it
0	Harvard rejected me last night, [SEP] Oh no!  That's not your journey then.  Do you have other places you applied? [SEP] I want to try Yale but like I'm so let down right now.	I want to try Yale but like I'm so let down right now.	I'm so sorry.  I know it must be tough right now but it is happening for a reason.  Make your dreams happen no matter where it is! 
2	Everyone has already left the office. It's oddly quiet. [SEP] Why are you there all alone? [SEP] I have to wait for something to come in. Not sure how long it's gonna be.	I have to wait for something to come in. Not sure how long it's gonna be.	I hope you aren't too lonely!
8	it was impressive to see someone eat a 3 lbs burger the other day	it was impressive to see someone eat a 3 lbs burger the other day	I wouldn't want to do that.
0	I was not sure I wanted to start my new job. I was nervous [SEP] How'd it go? [SEP] It was okay eventually	It was okay eventually	I'm glad you're getting used to it now.
8	I bought some off brand water the other day because it was on sale. [SEP] Well, water's water, so it should work out ok. [SEP] It tastes awful. I am going to donate it	It tastes awful. I am going to donate it	Oh.  Dang.  Well, I guess I was wrong then :P
2	I was waiting on my best friend to come over so we could watch a movie but she did not show up. [SEP] I'm sorry. I now that must have been a let down. Can you guys reschedule? [SEP] I tried to reschedule but somehow it did not work out. I felt bad.	I tried to reschedule but somehow it did not work out. I felt bad.	I bet you did. Hopefully you can do something with her soon.
1	I work 24 hour shifts and have been working so much lately. I have two beach trips coming up in September and I can't wait! [SEP] You must be really looking forward to that. Sounds exciting! [SEP] I am! Finally some time to relax	I am! Finally some time to relax	Oh yes enjoy the beautiful beaches and feel the sand between your toes,.
8	I ruined my friends wedding because of my drunken behavior [SEP] Haha I bet it wasn't that bad....was it [SEP] Yea I saw video of my inexcusably drunk behavior. I feel so ashamed that I haven't been able to look my friend in the eye since then.	Yea I saw video of my inexcusably drunk behavior. I feel so ashamed that I haven't been able to look my friend in the eye since then.	OK now I'm curious...what the hell did you do
8	My 6 year old son is making very good progress in learning how to swim.	My 6 year old son is making very good progress in learning how to swim.	Good for him! That's a very valuable skill to have, good on you for teaching him so early.
7	I am mad about tomorrow. My team meeting has been pushed up on short notice [SEP] Oh no, I hate when that happens [SEP] Yeah, I guess I will have to prepare even more tonight	Yeah, I guess I will have to prepare even more tonight	Good luck, lots of coffee!
0	Can't believe my friends got me a stick. [SEP] Like a stick shift car? You got some pretty rich friends! [SEP] Nope a hockey stick actually, I wish though!	Nope a hockey stick actually, I wish though!	Oh lol.  I hear those are expensive too, so, you got some rich friends! Lol
3	The soccer ball of my neighbor kids keep landing in my yard. It is very frequent.	The soccer ball of my neighbor kids keep landing in my yard. It is very frequent.	Take the knife and destroy it the next time it lands. That way they will learn a valuable lesson
8	Someone stole my lawn mower. Suffice to say...I am not a happy camper. [SEP] That's terrible! Sorry to hear that. [SEP] Thanks! I can't stand thieves! I work hard for the things I have!	Thanks! I can't stand thieves! I work hard for the things I have!	So do I. People need to be more considerate of others.
0	A bunch of my friends met up for dinner recently (I just found out), but I wasn't invited. Not happy about that at all. [SEP] Those don't sound like friends. I'd be extremely pissed off! [SEP] Exactly. One said they assumed I was busy or out of town, but those sound like excuses to me... Oh well.	Exactly. One said they assumed I was busy or out of town, but those sound like excuses to me... Oh well.	Yeah, don't let them lie to you. I don't know them, obviously, but that sounds like an excuse to me too.
8	I enjoy reminiscing on the better times in life. [SEP] Me too. About friends an d family. Things I got to see and do. [SEP] Have you ever wondered why some people get put through trials in life?	Have you ever wondered why some people get put through trials in life?	Yes. Some more than others. But sometimes I think it's all relative.
5	Well no softball tournament for me this weekend!  Not enough interest I guess.	Well no softball tournament for me this weekend!  Not enough interest I guess.	Maybe there is rain in the forecast
6	i hope i get next weekend off [SEP] What do you have planned for next weekend? [SEP] get chocolate wasted	get chocolate wasted	What does that mean?
3	I found a fly in my salad at McDonalds. [SEP] No way! that's gross [SEP] I was so grossed out. I'm never going back.	I was so grossed out. I'm never going back.	I hope they at least fixed it for you!
0	I really really need that check to come, in the mail. [SEP] Have you been expecting it long?  [SEP] Yes its been about 4 weeks now	Yes its been about 4 weeks now	Oh no!! I hope it comes soon. I know how that it to be waiting for money to come. 
7	I have been practicing driving all week for my driver exam. I think I am ready! [SEP] I'm sure you will ace it! what kind of car are you taking the exam in. [SEP] In a Honda Fit. Its a tiny car so it will make it easier to ace the parking part.	In a Honda Fit. Its a tiny car so it will make it easier to ace the parking part.	Yeah, that sounds like an easy car to drive. I will send out some good vibes for you. good luck!
8	My boss told us all today that there might be lay offs coming. [SEP] ohh, that's bad. But, you will be fine. Don't worry! [SEP] I dont know he said a lot of stuff and it has everyone on edge	I dont know he said a lot of stuff and it has everyone on edge	They just talk these things to scare us. Don't be scared. I am sure you will be fine! I will pray for you!
8	I wish I could help my mom out more.	I wish I could help my mom out more.	I am fortunate enough to live close to mmy family so if they need something I can be there.
0	I miss when I was younger. 	I miss when I was younger. 	I know the feeling.  I wish i could go back to being little again
7	I knew I was smart but I had no clue I was that smart. [SEP] How smart? [SEP] I got into our state college but never would have thought I could get into an Ivy league...I was completely shocked	I got into our state college but never would have thought I could get into an Ivy league...I was completely shocked	Well done!
3	I had to take a test for work and didnt have time to study so i snuck notes in so i could get a high score. [SEP] i hate to ask what happen, I imagine something went wrong [SEP] no i actually got promoted because of my high score, but i felt bad for cheating. 	no i actually got promoted because of my high score, but i felt bad for cheating. 	that is the problem with cheating, you have to live with it especially if you have a conscious, all I can say is to use this promotion as a lesson to better prepare yourself next time
3	i was not happy when i couldnt leave work on time [SEP] Sorry to hear that.. Did you miss something important? [SEP] yea i had tickets to a game.. oh well 	yea i had tickets to a game.. oh well 	Oh shoot.. I wish you get to go soon enough buddy
4	I've been trying to cheer my mom up a lot lately. She's kind of been struggling. 	I've been trying to cheer my mom up a lot lately. She's kind of been struggling. 	Im sorry to hear that. I know that can be stressful.
2	I amde enough money lately that i feel comfortable and ready to take on anything! [SEP] Wow I envy you. That sounds like a wonderful feeling! [SEP] You will get there too! I just know my future will hold good things.	You will get there too! I just know my future will hold good things.	Thank you! I hope to feel that content someday!
7	My finances will be getting better in the next year. [SEP] That has got to feel good!  Did you get a raise or a new job? [SEP] I get a raise that kicks in in February.	I get a raise that kicks in in February.	Congratulations!  Your life should feel a little less stressful when you get it!
0	The ride I was going on went upside downs three times in total. [SEP] That sounds like quite a ride. Are you a fan of rollercoasters in general? [SEP] no I was scared out of my witts!	no I was scared out of my witts!	I understand that. I hate rollercoasters too.
6	When my girls were younger and playing softball sometimes I couldn't make it to all of their games. [SEP] Oh no, I know that must make you feel bad, but you can't always be there. [SEP] Yeah it was hard to have to miss some. Luckily though I did have family that went so they weren't unwatched.	Yeah it was hard to have to miss some. Luckily though I did have family that went so they weren't unwatched.	That's good. How many girls do you have?
3	I was so sad when my cat passed away. [SEP] I can understand that. I lost my dog a few years ago. What's worse is I wasn't around when it happened--I was out of the state. I hope you at least got to say goodbye. [SEP] It was the worst, I didn't get to say goodbye she got hit by a car. [SEP] Man.. I'm so sorry. I remember when I was really young, I was in the car with my mom and she hit our neighbor's cat driving home. They just ran right out into the street. She drove home and cried for a while. [SEP] It was so difficult, I don't even know if the person cares that they took away my favorite pet.	It was so difficult, I don't even know if the person cares that they took away my favorite pet.	Who knows. They could have been like my mom, and maybe they were different and were too ashamed to say anything. Might not have noticed, either. Or they were just bad people. Hopefully you can focus on your pet and how much you loved them instead of those things you can't get answers to.
7	I am so happy!  I won a medal this week.. gold!	I am so happy!  I won a medal this week.. gold!	Wow. My hearty congratulations to you!
1	I am so excited for the fall [SEP] What is going to happen? [SEP] Two fabolous weedings of my two fabulous friends	Two fabolous weedings of my two fabulous friends	Oh boy, have a great time!
5	the braves are reallly good i hope they dont blow it [SEP] Do you live in Atlanta?  I haven't been to the new stadium yet and I really would like to - have you? [SEP] i do, and it is very nice!	i do, and it is very nice!	Well hello neighbor!  I'm going to have to get down there one day - I remember way back when they won the World Series I think in 1991 maybe?  It was so exciting!
5	I watched the scariest movie on TV last night. It gave me the creeps and I couldn't sleep I was so terrified! [SEP] What movie? I can't watch scary movies anymore since having kids, they are too realistic now haha [SEP] It was Insidious. Don't watch it by yourself if you want to sleep.	It was Insidious. Don't watch it by yourself if you want to sleep.	Thank you for the heads up! Maybe sleep with a night light on tonight :) Sweet dreams!
2	I have to take my cat to the vet later today. I just want him to be okay [SEP] Has he been sick? [SEP] He has been throwing up a little	He has been throwing up a little	I hope he is okay. 
3	I am worried my cat is not feeling well. She doesn't move around much. I hope she doesn't have any health problems.	I am worried my cat is not feeling well. She doesn't move around much. I hope she doesn't have any health problems.	Oh no! I hope she's ok. Have you taken her to the vet?
5	 I haven't been able to find my phone charger in 2 days.... grrrrr!	 I haven't been able to find my phone charger in 2 days.... grrrrr!	Well, I think you should get a new one 
8	I'm doing a pretty good job balancing work and school right now. School is about to start up again, and I've managed to maintain my savings and pay off my student loans a little bit while still in school. I don't feel like a lot of other students can say that, and I'm happy [SEP] I'm so proud of you! That's a lot to deal with all at once!  [SEP] Yeah, but I'm glad I'm doing it this way, since it's kind of grounding me and teaching me the harder things I need to learn about not spending too much. I'm still drowning in student loan debt no matter how hard I try, though	Yeah, but I'm glad I'm doing it this way, since it's kind of grounding me and teaching me the harder things I need to learn about not spending too much. I'm still drowning in student loan debt no matter how hard I try, though	It's worth it! It'll teach you a lot that you'll use later in life 
2	Unlike you, I am invited to a pool party tomorrow at a friend's house. So much hype to feel for this event and can't wait for it [SEP] That was harsh lol [SEP] Sorry i did not mean to. I am single and hope to meet a girl to start a relationship finally	Sorry i did not mean to. I am single and hope to meet a girl to start a relationship finally	I hope you meet somebody then
2	I didn't got accepted in the college I applied to [SEP] Oh I'm sorry. That must suck. Any second choice? [SEP] Yes, but I haven't received a letter from them yet	Yes, but I haven't received a letter from them yet	I'm sure you'll get in
4	I got a little upset when my friend canceled on my last weekend, I was looking forward to hanging	I got a little upset when my friend canceled on my last weekend, I was looking forward to hanging	Sorry for that. I hate last minute cancellations. Did he have a good reason?
1	Driving to visit my mom yesterday reminded me so much of my childhood	Driving to visit my mom yesterday reminded me so much of my childhood	Memories like that are nice
7	i cant wait for my new raise to kick in!	i cant wait for my new raise to kick in!	Congratulations! I wish I could get a raise.
5	I saw this old lady's cart hit a car, and I didn't report her to the owner. [SEP] What made you come to that decision, I get angry when people leave carts close to others cars.  [SEP] She was elderly, and the wind blew her cart. I just couldn't do it.	She was elderly, and the wind blew her cart. I just couldn't do it.	Maybe it was a honest mistake then since she was elderly I see why you didn't want to give her up. 
0	I really miss when I was young and living at home with my parents. They spoiled me. [SEP] I'm sorry that you are missing them.Maybe you can go home and see them soon? [SEP] I will soon. What stinks is now I have to work for a living. I really miss the good old days.	I will soon. What stinks is now I have to work for a living. I really miss the good old days.	Yeah I really do too.
1	I was upset when I did not get a bonus at work. I just thought that I would get it [SEP] That's the worst.. expectations can make and break us. I hope the next time around you get it!  [SEP] Yeah, I am hopeful	Yeah, I am hopeful	that is a good outlook to have
7	Hey i had a lot of fun graduating!	Hey i had a lot of fun graduating!	Congratulations on your graduation! You must be so proud.
6	I ran a red light this morning	I ran a red light this morning	Did you do it on pourpuse? and if so did you feel bad after?
3	My sister in law should have never had children.  Yet she was able to get pregnant right away. [SEP] Never had children as in infertile or a bad person? [SEP] No, she just doesn't care for them.  They are an accessory to her.  It took us 4 years to get pg. and my children are well taken care of	No, she just doesn't care for them.  They are an accessory to her.  It took us 4 years to get pg. and my children are well taken care of	Thats terrible, I hope they grow up fine, would be horrid if they didnt.
1	Finally finished painting my kid's room. I think it looks nice.	Finally finished painting my kid's room. I think it looks nice.	That must have been quite a project.
7	I passed my final! I'm glad my hard work paid off. [SEP] Congratulations! Was it your last final? [SEP] One of my last ones... many sleepless nights paid off	One of my last ones... many sleepless nights paid off	Good luck. It'll be worth it.
1	I am proud of the Eagles for winning the superbowl, they made me so happy [SEP] Did you have any money bet on the game ? [SEP] I did not, my state does not really have betting like that	I did not, my state does not really have betting like that	Well, I meant privately.
7	Tomorrow is the first day of college. [SEP] Really already!? wow.. what year for you?  [SEP] Freshman year, I am not sure what to expect, I am scared	Freshman year, I am not sure what to expect, I am scared	Everything new is always scary. I am sure you are going to do great! Good luck! 
8	When i go to work all my co workers always talk about other women even though they are all married. they always laugh at me when i say i don't care about other women because i love my wife [SEP] Im sorry to hear that! Are they trying to shame or embarrass you about something.  [SEP] they just say that men can't be faithful, that all of us cheat and stuff like that. It's not true! I mean i really can't imagine cheating on my wife	they just say that men can't be faithful, that all of us cheat and stuff like that. It's not true! I mean i really can't imagine cheating on my wife	You seem like a trusting guy. there are not too many of those these days
5	Recently, a person cut in front of me in line at the grocery store. [SEP] Ugh, that is so annoying. Did you say anything? [SEP] Yes, I told him to go to the back of the line.  I was so upset about it.	Yes, I told him to go to the back of the line.  I was so upset about it.	Good, maybe he'll learn not to be a jerk next time.
8	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and I didn't [SEP] Wow, how did that almost happen? I would rethink my options. [SEP] someone i was involved with invited me over and they were very persistent... But I did not go	someone i was involved with invited me over and they were very persistent... But I did not go	Good keep temptations at a distance. You never want to mess up a good relationship over a one night stnad.
0	I was shy when starting a new school. I did not know anyine	I was shy when starting a new school. I did not know anyine	Oh I know what you mean! Its so weird because for that first month or so you like dont even fit in..
6	I knew I was going to get this job. I was prepared for it [SEP] I'm really glad to hear that! What kind of job is it, if you don't mind me asking? [SEP] Its in production	Its in production	Oh, that sounds pretty cool. I kind of had my eye on a career like that when I was in school, but ultimately didn't go that route. What will you be doing specifically?
6	I have a hole in the sole of my only pair of shoes.	I have a hole in the sole of my only pair of shoes.	Aw, that's no good, are you going to buy new ones or patch them up?
7	I was so proud of my oldest son. He finished 6th grade on the A honor roll.	I was so proud of my oldest son. He finished 6th grade on the A honor roll.	Congratulations! That's getting to the point where you look at their homework and realize you forgot how difficult it was, ha.
7	i have 4 outstanding kids returning to my team, this season should be great [SEP] That's awesome! What sport is the team for? [SEP] High school baseball, we won region last year so big shoes to fill	High school baseball, we won region last year so big shoes to fill	Wow, congratulations! That is a pretty competitive league as well
1	I lied to my mom about washing the car today. I feel really awful about it. [SEP] Why did you decide to tell your mom you washed it? [SEP] I didn't feel like washing it - I decided to hang out with my friends instead. It's such a chore to wash that big ole suburban!	I didn't feel like washing it - I decided to hang out with my friends instead. It's such a chore to wash that big ole suburban!	That's okay, sometimes little white lies like that won't harm anyone!
5	i was upset when my dog got out	i was upset when my dog got out	Maybe he was upset with you.
5	Last weekend I went car shopping at my local BMW dealership and saw someone leaving in a brand new i8! I want that car so bad! [SEP] Sweet! Wouldn't mind one myself. What do they cost new? [SEP] Way more than I can afford.  After taxes and everything you are looking at around $150K!  I wish I was the guy that had just bought it!	Way more than I can afford.  After taxes and everything you are looking at around $150K!  I wish I was the guy that had just bought it!	Woah! I could live for ten years on that. Hope you wrote down his tag - maybe you could sweet-talk him into going for a drive!
6	I'm a bit worried because my SATs are coming up and I feel unprepared. I am scared I will mess up bad.	I'm a bit worried because my SATs are coming up and I feel unprepared. I am scared I will mess up bad.	Don't worry too much about it, worrying can actually make you preform worse. You can always retake the test!
4	I am sad ACDC will not be touring this year.	I am sad ACDC will not be touring this year.	I'm sorry, is it because their guitarist died?
1	My daughter competed in her first cheerleading competition last week. She did so good and her team got second place. [SEP] Thats wonderful! Congrats [SEP] She has worked really hard at her routines. I was beaming with pride!	She has worked really hard at her routines. I was beaming with pride!	Well that is wonderful! I would be proud as well
7	I have a really good life. I have everything I could want including a house, wife, and a dog.  [SEP] That's really great. I'm happy for you. [SEP] Yeah it's a pretty great life. 	Yeah it's a pretty great life. 	Congratulations, it sounds like you've really made it. I envy you.
3	I used to swim competitively when I was a kid. I started around 4th grade.  [SEP] That is great.  Do you still swim? [SEP] No not anymore. I wish I did but I have gotten kind of lazy since those days. 	No not anymore. I wish I did but I have gotten kind of lazy since those days. 	Well you can start slowly, I'm sure you will find your motivation again
5	When I was a wee lad, I was always afraid of going to sleep. Always thought there was a big ole scary monster lurking in the closet.	When I was a wee lad, I was always afraid of going to sleep. Always thought there was a big ole scary monster lurking in the closet.	I used to think that too. I could sleep if it wasn't closed all the way
0	I hate waiting, especially on grades.  [SEP] Yes, I'm sure it makes you anxious. But, no sense in worrying! [SEP] I know, I try not to worry!	I know, I try not to worry!	I know it's probably hard not to worry. But, it really doesn't change the outcome, ya know!
0	When my spouse was out of town, a friend tried to kiss me!	When my spouse was out of town, a friend tried to kiss me!	wow, i do not know either to say, way to go or you better not
0	Now I'm going to get Master's, maybe I'll even try for a doctorate.	Now I'm going to get Master's, maybe I'll even try for a doctorate.	Thats the spirit! you can do It I know you can
0	It seems every day in traffic i'll let someone out and don't get a wave or anything. [SEP] Thats the worst when you do something for someone and they dont even appear to care!  [SEP] No doubt, but i always try to do what i would want someone to do for me.	No doubt, but i always try to do what i would want someone to do for me.	Same! Two wrongs never make a right.  You are doing the right thing. 
1	I am going on a long road trip soon and I spent yesterday making sure everything was in order before the trip [SEP] Oh cool, is it for work or fun? [SEP] It is for fun.  I made sure the car was checked out before the trip.  I did not want any surprises on the road.	It is for fun.  I made sure the car was checked out before the trip.  I did not want any surprises on the road.	You sound really well prepared!
0	Hi!  I planned a get together at my house and was surprised. [SEP] What happened?  Do tell :) [SEP] I could only think of 5 people to invite, and was worried they wouldn't even come. But then...	I could only think of 5 people to invite, and was worried they wouldn't even come. But then...	Well.. I guess I will never know...
2	I tried really hard to get a 34 on the ACT for a scholarship but instead I got a 33. [SEP] that really sucks [SEP] Yeah it blows.	Yeah it blows.	i bet it does
1	I made a great pizza this week	I made a great pizza this week	Good job! you must be so proud of yourself.
6	It is so loney out here. My closest neighbor is two miles away	It is so loney out here. My closest neighbor is two miles away	Hey that makes for peaceful living doesn't it?
2	I'm really stressed that I'll have enough money to cover the bills this month. 	I'm really stressed that I'll have enough money to cover the bills this month. 	That is a stress we all go through! It's hard!
1	My firm planned a retirement party for me behind my back!	My firm planned a retirement party for me behind my back!	That is so nice of them!
6	I saw a car yesterday that I wanted so bad! [SEP] Ooo! What kind was it? [SEP] a tesla	a tesla	Oh! Great choice for the environment. Are you going to save up?
1	I gave up dieting a long time ago, and I'm far happier and losing weight slowly [SEP] I can understand that! I actually attempted a diet about a month ago, and it was miserable. What made you give it up? [SEP] Just an endless cycle of losing and gaining. I finally decided to just eat as healthy as possible without thinking about the weight.	Just an endless cycle of losing and gaining. I finally decided to just eat as healthy as possible without thinking about the weight.	That seems like the best option. It is hard to stick to a diet for a set amount of time. The weight always seems to return.
4	When my dog Buddy died, I was horribly upset.	When my dog Buddy died, I was horribly upset.	I am sorry that happened . I have 3 dogs myself.
3	My brother just bought my all time favorite car. [SEP] That is cool! What kind of car? [SEP] A tesla. I wanted to get one first.	A tesla. I wanted to get one first.	Those are nice cars! I hope you are able to get one!
7	It was a gorgeous morning today, the sun was shining as I walked my dogs and I'm still on summer holdiays.  [SEP] That's great!  How many dogs do you have? [SEP] Just 2, little guys. They love thir walks! [SEP] Awwww!  That sounds so fun!  And they sound like such happy little guys! [SEP] Is it still summer holidays where you live?	Is it still summer holidays where you live?	Nope - school started for the kids today!
3	I went out and bought a lottery ticket last thursday. [SEP] That's always fun. Did you win any money? [SEP] Of course I did not, I will always try.	Of course I did not, I will always try.	Oh darn. Better luck next time.
3	I'm finally going to get to talk to a girl I contacted onine [SEP] That sounds fun! Do you have a first date planned? [SEP] haha I hope I get a date! We're just talking first.	haha I hope I get a date! We're just talking first.	Ah okay, good plan. I'm sure she will go out with you. Just don't sound too desperate. 
5	when i see vomit i almost want to vomit , and in my job there are no janitors so the males on duty need to clean up the mess , and kids vomit in there at least once a week [SEP] Oh gross, you should bail quick if you see a kid getting sick, so that you won't be around to help clean it up. [SEP] i would love to do that, but for some reason im always at the wrong place at the wrong time	i would love to do that, but for some reason im always at the wrong place at the wrong time	I'm sorry, maybe a nose plug would come in handy
3	We had a bad storm last night. The power was off until daylight. It was pretty scary being in the dark all night. [SEP] That must have been annoying. [SEP] It was hot but the worse part was how spooky everything is during the night. I could not sleep at all.	It was hot but the worse part was how spooky everything is during the night. I could not sleep at all.	I hope everything is okay now.
6	Even when it has been a rough year, I am now feeling that things are beginning to go my way and I can expect good thing for the future.	Even when it has been a rough year, I am now feeling that things are beginning to go my way and I can expect good thing for the future.	Awesome! Anything exciting on the horizon to treat yourself?
8	I felt a little bad I accidentally bought 5 packages of clearance cookies. I thought they were gluten free but I got the wrong kind. [SEP] Are you going to eat them? [SEP] No, I am allergic to gluten. They were from a kind that I thought only carried gluten free stuff I was in a rush. I hate losing $10.	No, I am allergic to gluten. They were from a kind that I thought only carried gluten free stuff I was in a rush. I hate losing $10.	Give them to a homeless person.
6	I was hiking in the Outback of Australia the other day. I managed to swallow a dozen ostrich eggs on my adventure.	I was hiking in the Outback of Australia the other day. I managed to swallow a dozen ostrich eggs on my adventure.	Oh wow, do they taste good?
8	There was a turtle in my yard one day just panting and hot and all dried out. [SEP] Oh poor thing!  What did you do? [SEP] I have her now. At that time I did not have a car and was not near a water source and it was like 120 everyday down south. Normally they stay buried- it's a box turtle. Much like a tiny land tortoise. Her name is mrs. Lee :) Sweetest turtle ever	I have her now. At that time I did not have a car and was not near a water source and it was like 120 everyday down south. Normally they stay buried- it's a box turtle. Much like a tiny land tortoise. Her name is mrs. Lee :) Sweetest turtle ever	Yay!  I had a little box turtle when I was younger, I liked her a lot.  I hope Mrs. Lee has a long and happy (and not thirsty :)) life with you!
1	My mom lost some of her teeth in a car accident and full coverage car insurance NEVER covers them. [SEP] I guess I never  thought about weather or not car insurance covers your own injuries too [SEP] They cover most things but they cut her off from help after a year and had a bad doctor say she was FINE but she has a brain injury.. So SURE- Insurance companies can be very corrupt..However..I got her some fake moldable plastic teeth that will help her feel confident until she can afford teeth. They cost a FORTUNE.	They cover most things but they cut her off from help after a year and had a bad doctor say she was FINE but she has a brain injury.. So SURE- Insurance companies can be very corrupt..However..I got her some fake moldable plastic teeth that will help her feel confident until she can afford teeth. They cost a FORTUNE.	Yeah they're really expensive. 
8	I found my friend's senior ring that she left behind before going to college. I miss her. [SEP] Why don't ou call her? [SEP] I don't want to bother her.	I don't want to bother her.	Well send it to her with a note to say you miss her. She can call you if she has time.
3	My friend punched me! [SEP] Ouch what a jerk. Why did he do that? [SEP] he was drunk	he was drunk	Oh I hope you punched him back.
6	I found an old R/C car I had from when I was a kid. [SEP] thats pretty neat.  I think that might be worth a lot of money [SEP] I don't think its worth anything but it brings back a lot of memories.	I don't think its worth anything but it brings back a lot of memories.	well that might make it more valuable to you then.  Does it still work?
2	I ordered a beautiful gold watch from the Shopping Channel. When I received it, it looked completely different and was total junk.	I ordered a beautiful gold watch from the Shopping Channel. When I received it, it looked completely different and was total junk.	I hate when that happens, especially when you have something else pictured.
0	School is starting soon. Getting that nervous feeling of being back in college again and having to make sure I can keep up with all of my assignments.	School is starting soon. Getting that nervous feeling of being back in college again and having to make sure I can keep up with all of my assignments.	I completely understand.  I will be starting law school myself very soon. 
6	There's a hard bump on my arm. I don't know what it is.	There's a hard bump on my arm. I don't know what it is.	Have you made an appointment with your doctor?
8	Man i tried helping homeless people in my area today.	Man i tried helping homeless people in my area today.	What you did is good. They need a lot of help. Not only money, but also emotional
2	I accidentally broke a vase at my moms house on sunday. [SEP] i hope your mom can understand , it was an accident and everyone makes mistakes  [SEP] I haven't told her yet, she didn't notice.	I haven't told her yet, she didn't notice.	lol, well hope she doesnt notice
7	Have you ever had that one go to person that no matter what, no matter what mess you get into they are always there for you?	Have you ever had that one go to person that no matter what, no matter what mess you get into they are always there for you?	Yeah - my wife.
5	My favorite watch broke today. :( [SEP] That's no good, how did you break it? [SEP] it broke on its own accord. no clue. [SEP] no good, are you going to get another one? [SEP] Its a tag heuer.  I'm gonna get it fixed. [SEP] I'd buy it off you after it's fixed, I love tag heuer. [SEP] It was my grandfather's watch. I don't think you have enough money to cover its sentimental value.	It was my grandfather's watch. I don't think you have enough money to cover its sentimental value.	I wouldn't maybe I could get some recommendations for a nice one?
3	I'm thankful for all my past mistakes.  They've helped me grow in a big way	I'm thankful for all my past mistakes.  They've helped me grow in a big way	I've always gone by if you learned from your mistakes you have no reason to regret them
4	Last year my mother took me grocery shopping for my birthday [SEP] Wow, that's... odd.  Was it for a cake? [SEP] haha no.  I'm 35 years old.  I couldn't think of anything I wanted.  So she bought my groceries.  At this age I apprecite that kind of thing.	haha no.  I'm 35 years old.  I couldn't think of anything I wanted.  So she bought my groceries.  At this age I apprecite that kind of thing.	Hahaha Sorry I just assumed you were 5 years old or something.  Yeah getting practical gifts is more appealing as one gets older.
4	I am so happy i have good insurance to cover my car wreck	I am so happy i have good insurance to cover my car wreck	Sorry to hear you had a wreck but thankful you had insurance
1	I'm trying to make my goals by the end of the year. [SEP] what are you goals that you are planning? [SEP] Mostly financial stuff, the hard way, saving money.	Mostly financial stuff, the hard way, saving money.	money is the goal that everyone dreams of
6	Fortnite is a free game, and the number 1 played game. the developers are geniuses 	Fortnite is a free game, and the number 1 played game. the developers are geniuses 	I have heard about that game. Is it a role playing game?
5	I had been expecting my friend to pick m e up for a shopping trip yesterday. Unfortunatley my friend never actually showed up. [SEP] Sorry to hear that. Were they busy or did they forget? [SEP] She claims to have had something unexpectdly come up. I think she just forgot. She often spaces out.	She claims to have had something unexpectdly come up. I think she just forgot. She often spaces out.	You should not rely on her next  time. She seems unreliable! 
5	So yesterday around noon i was jogging like i always do. Well i notice my pants feel weird, come to find out i have a giant rip in them [SEP] Oh my goodness, that must have been embarrassing [SEP] It was because there was a lot of people outside. I know one of them had to see it	It was because there was a lot of people outside. I know one of them had to see it	I'm sure people looked away, it could have been them
8	I planned a picnic with a friend and it rained. [SEP] Oh, that's too bad. Perhaps have the picnic indoors? It wouldn't be the same, but at least you could share food and have a laugh! [SEP] We had to cancel. I was upset that it ruined our plans.	We had to cancel. I was upset that it ruined our plans.	I can imagine. That's the problem with planning outside events - we can't dictate the weather. You should try planning something outdoors in Scotland, where I'm from - soggy food every time!!
8	I took in a kitten 2 months ago. I have been bottle feeding and raising her by hand. [SEP] Awww! How sweet! I love kittens, but it sounds like a lot of work! [SEP] Well she was abandoned by her mother. Usually kittens are not so much work	Well she was abandoned by her mother. Usually kittens are not so much work	That was so kind of you to take her in. Poor little thing needed a new caregiver!
5	My coworker got the promotion I wanted [SEP] I have been there. It can be irritating [SEP] Yeah I was really disappointed, it came with a raise too	Yeah I was really disappointed, it came with a raise too	Maybe you will get it next year
2	I have been preparing for a triathlon for months. I feel ready.	I have been preparing for a triathlon for months. I feel ready.	Hopefully all of your hard work will pay off and you will do well.
8	I was at a restaurant and I got a hair in my food! I was appalled! [SEP] That's disgusting! Hopefully you got a refund or your food recooked? [SEP] I told the waitress and they gave me another plate for free	I told the waitress and they gave me another plate for free	Good, I bet you were mad. At least they made it right though.
3	Public speaking makes me so nervous! I get very sweaty and start to shake uncontrollably... [SEP] I hear ya.. practice makes perfect tho! [SEP] I'm trying to improve with self help books and online courses	I'm trying to improve with self help books and online courses	good luck with that, i hope it works out!
5	I wish I was born wealthy. I have to give up spending time with my family to get more hours at work in. [SEP] I'm sorry, that's life for most of us, though. [SEP] Yes, it definitely is. Gotta work with what ya got.	Yes, it definitely is. Gotta work with what ya got.	Maybe you'll hit the lottery one day!
0	I am afraid of ghosts.	I am afraid of ghosts.	Mw too. I don't even llike when it's too dark inside or outside.
2	I have an interview tomorrow morning. I think I will definitely get a job offer because of my qualifications.	I have an interview tomorrow morning. I think I will definitely get a job offer because of my qualifications.	I hope you do well
7	I am mad about tomorrow. My team meeting has been pushed up on short notice [SEP] Oh no, I hate when that happens [SEP] Yeah, I guess I will have to prepare even more tonight	Yeah, I guess I will have to prepare even more tonight	Good luck, lots of coffee!
8	We planned a trip to the Bahamas and we leave in three days! I can't wait! [SEP] Is it your first time there? [SEP] Yes. I heard they have the best beaches.	Yes. I heard they have the best beaches.	I do love a good beach, I was just in the Philippines and they have some of the best beaches Ive ever seen.
7	I had been unemployed for a long time until earlier this year. I originally wasn't sure if I was going to even interview for the position I did, but I'm glad I decided to. I got a call in late may from a merchandising company. I went back and forth in my mind after being rejected from many interviews over the past couple years. In the end I went for it, the interviewer liked what I had to say, and I was hired the same day! I've been working there ever since.	I had been unemployed for a long time until earlier this year. I originally wasn't sure if I was going to even interview for the position I did, but I'm glad I decided to. I got a call in late may from a merchandising company. I went back and forth in my mind after being rejected from many interviews over the past couple years. In the end I went for it, the interviewer liked what I had to say, and I was hired the same day! I've been working there ever since.	Congratulations!  That's awesome.  Sometimes it's scary to risk rejection, but it sounds like it totally paid off in this case.  
1	I opened our bathroom door and to my surprise there was a snake laying across the floor! [SEP] Yikes! that's scary, what did you do about it? [SEP] I shut the door as fast as I could and ran to find someone to kill it!	I shut the door as fast as I could and ran to find someone to kill it!	Good play, I probably would of done the same, haha.
8	Just found out I'm not getting a promotion at work that I was up for. I'm kind of bummed to not be moving up in the company that I work for, as I really like everyone here, and the company itself, and what we do. But I'm satisfied knowing that someone more deserving than me got it, and that they still see me as worthy in the long run, and that I still get to enjoy my current situation. [SEP] I'm sorry the hear that.  Maybe another company would appreciate your talent. [SEP] Well, maybe so, but that's okay. Like I said, I like where I'm at now and I kind of hate change, so we'll stick it out for another year or two and see how it goes. I'm not in a big rush. It's the first job I've gotten since I graduated college, so I don't want to be too hasty and move around too much. I appreciate your viewpoint, though!	Well, maybe so, but that's okay. Like I said, I like where I'm at now and I kind of hate change, so we'll stick it out for another year or two and see how it goes. I'm not in a big rush. It's the first job I've gotten since I graduated college, so I don't want to be too hasty and move around too much. I appreciate your viewpoint, though!	The first job out of college is a good way to test the waters but someday you will have to spread those wings.
8	I stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. They gave me the wrong order. [SEP] Oh man, that's so disappointing when they do that. Starts off the whole day wrong. [SEP] That is so true. It's sad but I really look forward to that drink.	That is so true. It's sad but I really look forward to that drink.	Yeah small hint of peace in the morning before your hectic work day starts and all those meetings.
3	I was not faithful to her	I was not faithful to her	Oh god..well I hope she left you and you've learned that no one likes a betrayer
5	My mother in law cannot mind her own business. [SEP] Yikes! You got one of the bad ones. They sure makes things hard.  [SEP] She really does - she is always trying to bend my husbands' ear to her way of thinking we should do things - with our house, our kids, etc.. and she never listens when he tells her that's enough.	She really does - she is always trying to bend my husbands' ear to her way of thinking we should do things - with our house, our kids, etc.. and she never listens when he tells her that's enough.	Maybe he needs to break away from her a bit. Maybe then she will mind her own business. 
6	I am disappointed by Nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	I am disappointed by Nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	They announce a direct?
1	It's nice listening to old music. [SEP] Yea, I enjoy stuff from my childhood. What kind of music are you listening to, country, rock, something else? [SEP] Lots of old pop and punk songs, like a day to remember!	Lots of old pop and punk songs, like a day to remember!	That sounds like a really great time, I love those nostalgic feelings you get from listening to stuff from your past.
8	My grandmother recently passed away. She had more flowers and grieving cards that we could have hoped for. [SEP] I [SEP] Thank you	Thank you	Mine passed away too. She was a great woman.
8	I visited to Greece and was amazed by all the beautiful landscape I saw!	I visited to Greece and was amazed by all the beautiful landscape I saw!	I had never visited there. But it reminds me of Athenas and that old cities
4	I feel so bad today. My grandmother past.	I feel so bad today. My grandmother past.	Ohhh, I am sorry to hear that. I know your pain very well. Are you ok?
5	A man keeps asking me out on a date, not understanding that I would never cheat on my husband.	A man keeps asking me out on a date, not understanding that I would never cheat on my husband.	Ugh! What a dunce! Maybe your husband should tell him. Have you told him strongly? Like..stay away from me creep?
1	I really wish I had my neighbor's new car. [SEP] Why is that? Is it your favorite type of car? [SEP] It makes my car look bad next to it. I like Acura RSXs.	It makes my car look bad next to it. I like Acura RSXs.	I see, turn that jealousy into motivation to get that Acura!
4	I felt a little let down when I had to leave work [SEP] why is that [SEP] I had to leave because my kid got suspended	I had to leave because my kid got suspended	oh sorry to hear that
8	Guilt just comes over me at times. [SEP] Oh no, I'm sorry, why? [SEP] When I don't fulfil my promises.	When I don't fulfil my promises.	You should make sure to keep to your word to help, then.
5	My friend always interrupts me when I talk. [SEP] Do you talk softly? [SEP] No, it really gets on my nerves!	No, it really gets on my nerves!	You should tell them.
3	I just wont ever forget the way I felt when I lost my father.  [SEP] im sorry to hear that. how long ago was it? [SEP] it was 10 years ago but it never feels any less 	it was 10 years ago but it never feels any less 	I can only imagine.  i hope it has gotten a little easier for you?
3	So I was told I am being taken on a trip to the beach as a gift... pretty exciting.  [SEP] Where are you going ? [SEP] They are taking me to the keys in FL! Unexpected.	They are taking me to the keys in FL! Unexpected.	Oh, that should be nice. I hope you have fun.
2	I spilled all my coffee on my shirt in front of the cute barista. I dont think I can return. What an idiot. [SEP] Haha, you could have played it off as cute and clumsy and maybe they would have been into it [SEP] Oh man I dont know. I feel awkward. Maybe Ill go back next week and make a joke about it.	Oh man I dont know. I feel awkward. Maybe Ill go back next week and make a joke about it.	Yea thats a good idea.  Be like, hopefully I dont spill this one on me too
0	I was angry last night. My friend was drunk and irritating	I was angry last night. My friend was drunk and irritating	Some drunks are funny, and some are unfortunately annoying as hell.
7	I am normally very relaxed, happy and laid back.  Everything in life just seems right! [SEP] You're very lucky! A lot of people can't say that these days. [SEP] I just have a generally easy going outlook on things in my life.	I just have a generally easy going outlook on things in my life.	I wish I could do that.
0	i felt trusting when my dad and my mon care for me [SEP] Well as a fellow human being, I agree that when parents care for their children, it creates a lifelasting bond between the two parties. [SEP] yes and our parents love us . always can happen whatever thing always they say love you	yes and our parents love us . always can happen whatever thing always they say love you	I also enjoy the love of my human parents and my human family. They take no hesitation in their focus on of their love for me.
5	I worked so hard for my final exam but i failed in the end. [SEP] oooh sorry did you give up [SEP] Sort of, I am so angry with my self.	Sort of, I am so angry with my self.	no you should not that's not the end of you 
0	I start my new job this week. Feeling a little uneasy.. [SEP] Congrats!! That's wonderful. why do you feel unease ? [SEP] You know.. new people.. fresh start.. the unknown.. 	You know.. new people.. fresh start.. the unknown.. 	i understand. It is hard to start but i'm sure you will make new friends at your new job!
2	I spend a lot of time looking at my kds baby photos. [SEP] Are they grown up now? They grow up so fast. [SEP] three, four and thirteen. And they are all terrible lol jk	three, four and thirteen. And they are all terrible lol jk	hahaha I bet there are.
5	The other day I stole my neighbors mail. [SEP] That wasn't very nice. [SEP] I feel really bad for doing that.	I feel really bad for doing that.	You should return it.
6	My uncle died in the hospital,  he had malaria , till now,  I've not been myself  [SEP] So sorry to hear that, Hard to be alone. [SEP] I'm telling you,  it's so hard.  He helped to train me to school 	I'm telling you,  it's so hard.  He helped to train me to school 	What did he train you in?
7	My friend gave me his old computer because mine broke. That was so nice of him considering I cant afford one right now. [SEP] That is very kind. Now many people like that. [SEP] I know I couldnt believe it. I am so thankful. 	I know I couldnt believe it. I am so thankful. 	You will have to return the favor sometime. 
1	I have a 7 year old daughter that asked to play piano. I found a piano teacher and she is very intense. I thought she would scare my 7 year old but she has excelled in just 7 months of playing. Maybe the teacher is not all that bad. [SEP] Wow!  That is amazing!  I guess a little tough instruction and training has paid off!  No need to worry then. [SEP] That is exactly what I thought, but recently she has started to push her a little bit harder and wanting to her to compose music because my daughter has a great ear for music.	That is exactly what I thought, but recently she has started to push her a little bit harder and wanting to her to compose music because my daughter has a great ear for music.	That's fantastic.  It sounds like she has tapped into her inner musical talent!
6	I lost one hundred dollars today	I lost one hundred dollars today	Oh no, that's awful! How did it happen?
6	My sister graduated college last week.	My sister graduated college last week.	Ah - that's a big accomplishment!!!  Did you get her a great present?
7	Just got back from a job interview. I was able to answer all the questions and the recruiter seem impressed. [SEP] Thats a great way to start [SEP] Yep. It is!	Yep. It is!	good luck going forward
7	I felt I was ready for the task after all the research I had done on the individuals I would be meeting with. [SEP] What kind of task was it? [SEP] The task was the job interview. [SEP] and well how did it go after all your research? [SEP] The job interview went very well as I received an offer for the position shortly after the experience.	The job interview went very well as I received an offer for the position shortly after the experience.	Fantastic.  Congratulations!
7	My friend to me I'm dumb and really bad at my job. I'm so upset with him! [SEP] im sorry to hear that , whant happened ? [SEP] Well I was telling him about my job and he sad that I was to stupid to do my job right.	Well I was telling him about my job and he sad that I was to stupid to do my job right.	always believe in yourself, and dont let others opinions dictate your feelings 
1	The skating rink I used to go to as a child is being replaced by a hotel [SEP] That is kind of sad. I hate it when places from your childhood close or are torn down. [SEP] Yea. I wish it was being replaced by something less consumerist.	Yea. I wish it was being replaced by something less consumerist.	Yeah that is too bad.
0	I get so bored sometimes.  Last night I was mega bored... just me and my dog. [SEP] Did you try watching movies or playing video games? [SEP] Yeah me and my dog watched TV.. but still I go crazy sometimes being alone.	Yeah me and my dog watched TV.. but still I go crazy sometimes being alone.	I understand.
6	my new neighbors are the worst ones yet [SEP] Did you get a chance to talk to them yet, and introduce yourself? [SEP] Its been a week and every day I am picking up their trash of the stairs	Its been a week and every day I am picking up their trash of the stairs	Have you considered getting back at them by pranking them?
4	I just got some crushing news. I just got a call to tell me I did not get the job I really wanted.	I just got some crushing news. I just got a call to tell me I did not get the job I really wanted.	Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that! 
5	I hate flying. Something bad is going to happen, I feel it. I don't want to get on this flight. [SEP] oh no, why do you think like that.. All should be good [SEP] Because, plane crashes are awful!	Because, plane crashes are awful!	ah ok. If intuition tells not to fly. Lets not take chance. you should skip the flight
1	I am starting my new job on Monday! I cant wait to get started. I will be working with two of my best friends. [SEP] What kind of job is it? [SEP] I will be working at the zoo. Its going to be so much fun!	I will be working at the zoo. Its going to be so much fun!	Thats interesting!
7	We are really wanting wanting to buy a newer and bigger vehicle, but we're not sure if we can afford it. [SEP] Oh no. Maybe you can find one that is used, or even rebuilt. I got my car for 75% less than what I would've paid from a car dealer! [SEP] Problem is we don't have a car payment now and going back to having one would be a struggle. We are trying to figure out and pay off bills now.	Problem is we don't have a car payment now and going back to having one would be a struggle. We are trying to figure out and pay off bills now.	Well, stick through it! I wish you luck :) 
6	I happy to see my brother last weekend. It had been a long time	I happy to see my brother last weekend. It had been a long time	Does he live far away?
4	I gor home from work the other day to find my cat had peed on the carpet. The smell was horrible. [SEP] oh my god, thats it so gross, cat pee is the worst. [SEP] It really is. Luckily, I had some cleaner for pet urine, but I was gagging the whole time I was cleaning.	It really is. Luckily, I had some cleaner for pet urine, but I was gagging the whole time I was cleaning.	im so sorry,  thats why im not the biggest fan of animals.
2	We've had so much rain lately. The ground got saturated and knocked some trees over. They took out a lot of my neighbors yard	We've had so much rain lately. The ground got saturated and knocked some trees over. They took out a lot of my neighbors yard	How scary!  I hope your neighbors are ok.
8	Clown movies scare me.	Clown movies scare me.	I don't blame you. Those things are creepy
4	Our little chihuahua had pancreatitis this past year and it was not a good outcome for her.	Our little chihuahua had pancreatitis this past year and it was not a good outcome for her.	Aw, I am sorry to hear that. Is she still alive and well?
3	I was hurt and saddened when my aunt passed away. No one expected it [SEP] sorry to hear that.. what happened [SEP] She had a heart attack in her sleep	She had a heart attack in her sleep	hopefully she didnt suffer.
7	Ive really desired a doctorate ,but my busy schedle would not allow me [SEP] Aw, can't fit any classes into your schedule? [SEP] Well, you wont understand, But i was awarded a doctorate by my alumni institution.	Well, you wont understand, But i was awarded a doctorate by my alumni institution.	Oh congratulations, you must be smart!
5	Yesterday I was not at all patient with my little brother. [SEP] Really? Why you should have been patient. [SEP] I was helping him with his homework and he didn't understand. I yelled at him and I shouldn't have.	I was helping him with his homework and he didn't understand. I yelled at him and I shouldn't have.	Oh dear. Maybe you were just a bit impatient but I am sure he will forgive you 
1	I just found an old report card as I was cleaning out my basement. It brought back a lot of memories  [SEP] oh how exciting. what grade was it from? [SEP] Elementary school. Third grade I think? 	Elementary school. Third grade I think? 	that is so sweet. it would be fun if you have children so you can share it with them.
0	My long distance girlfriend surprised me when she flew in to visit me this past weekend [SEP] Aww, that is so sweet! I'm sure you were very happy [SEP] I was ecstatic. It was before school has started, so I had a lot of free time. Couldn't have been planned better.	I was ecstatic. It was before school has started, so I had a lot of free time. Couldn't have been planned better.	Oh yeah, definitely! She seems like a very good girlfriend to do that for you. Sounds like y'all have a good future ahead.
2	I am horrible at cooking, but I recently tried out a new recipe.	I am horrible at cooking, but I recently tried out a new recipe.	I have found that using alot of online recipes with good instructions helps. Cannabis also induces hunger and reduced adhd thus it helps me pay better attention, even more so when I'm hungry af! 
1	I am so happy with my life right now! [SEP] thats great! how come? [SEP] I have the best husband and children around!	I have the best husband and children around!	sounds like you do have a great life!
0	A good friend of mine organized an unexpected birthday celebration for me, it was very sweet of her to do that for me. [SEP] You must be a very special person to her. Is she single?  [SEP] She is actually in a long term relationship. She is a considerate person though, which is cool.	She is actually in a long term relationship. She is a considerate person though, which is cool.	Too bad, oh well, if things turn around in her status, you have someone in her that you can consider
0	I am glad it did not make you depressed!	I am glad it did not make you depressed!	Me too.
4	I was mortified when my jeans ripped [SEP] yes i am mortified jeans ripped [SEP] When did you have that happen?	When did you have that happen?	 i am working
5	i was crushed when i saw my dog had gotten loose [SEP] Oh no, did you get it back [SEP] nope he is gone.	nope he is gone.	Oh no, I am sorry. Maybe he will come back
8	A dear friend of mine passed away last night. [SEP] Oh, I'm so sorry. Was it unexpected? [SEP] yes, quite so.  he was only 45 years old.	yes, quite so.  he was only 45 years old.	That's horrible.  Please accept my condolences for you and his family.  Take care of yourselves and let yourselves grieve.
7	I have to bake 10 cakes by tomorrow. [SEP] Oh WOW!  That is a lot of cakes!!  Will you be able to get it all done? [SEP] Yes, I am ready to do it.	Yes, I am ready to do it.	Well more power to you!  I don't think I could do that in one night - you must be a good baker.
3	My cat just died. I have had her for like 20 years. [SEP] Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. My cat is getting old, she's 15. I'm scared she'll pass soon too [SEP] Yeah  had to put her down because she was in so much pain. I don't know what to do without her.	Yeah  had to put her down because she was in so much pain. I don't know what to do without her.	That's so sad. I hope you feel better soon. I would be so devastated too.
0	I saw an old guy riding his scooter the other day..but on the ROAD to the grocery store. I felt so bad for him and wondered why he didn't have any family to help. [SEP] I've seen that before. It is sad. [SEP] It is! I try to help when I am able.	It is! I try to help when I am able.	I do too. Everyone deserves to have someone in their corner.
1	Found someone's scarf the other day and returned it to her. She completely bawled.	Found someone's scarf the other day and returned it to her. She completely bawled.	that was nice of you
2	My brother got hit with a DUI the other night. His wife said that was the last straw, as she was tired of his drinking. She kicked him out and now he's living with me. I feel so terrible for everyone involved, especially because they have two kids [SEP] sorry to hear that, my brother has a drinking problem too, and has kids, i love him but at this point we are more focused on the kids , i tell him if you get locked up who is gonna raise the girls , of course we are but still they need a father  [SEP] Yeah, and you can never turn your back on family, even if they completely complicate your life.. It's a no-win situation. The kids probably prefer to stay in the original situation, even though it's not healthy and safe, because they just don't understand.. just a big head ache. I'll do what I can, but who knows how much that will be.	Yeah, and you can never turn your back on family, even if they completely complicate your life.. It's a no-win situation. The kids probably prefer to stay in the original situation, even though it's not healthy and safe, because they just don't understand.. just a big head ache. I'll do what I can, but who knows how much that will be.	all you can do is stay positive , all we can hope is our brothers will one day wake up before its to late 
3	We're going to the amusement park this weekend [SEP] That sounds like fun! Which amusement park? [SEP] six flags.  I'm really scared of roller coasters!	six flags.  I'm really scared of roller coasters!	In that case, more terrifying than fun. I hope you find rides you'll enjoy and not fear!
8	My husband and I don't usually get each other anything for Christmas but last year he got me a puppy which was so shocking.	My husband and I don't usually get each other anything for Christmas but last year he got me a puppy which was so shocking.	That was really sweet of him!
4	I used to work as a flooring specialist at a major chain home improvement store. It was a good place to work until I got a new supervisor who thought he could disrespect me without consequences.	I used to work as a flooring specialist at a major chain home improvement store. It was a good place to work until I got a new supervisor who thought he could disrespect me without consequences.	Uh oh.  I'm sorry to hear that.  That is never a good thing to do as a supervisor.
6	I  provide for a family of 8. It's tiring but rewarding [SEP] Wow! The struggle is real. I hope you're not too tired and stressed. I wish you luck for being so selfless!  [SEP] I love my wife alot, we had a set of twin 3 times in a row so the children are 6 plus myself and her all 8	I love my wife alot, we had a set of twin 3 times in a row so the children are 6 plus myself and her all 8	Do twins run in your family or are you just lucky? I mean that seriously, not sarcastically 
1	I told all my friends that I was gonna bring by my new v12 bugatti veyron to their party. [SEP] Holy cow, that is a bad to the bone car! [SEP] yeah but everyone made fun of me so much when it turned out it was a w12, not a v12.	yeah but everyone made fun of me so much when it turned out it was a w12, not a v12.	It is still a bugatti!!!
6	I cheated on my boyfriend once.	I cheated on my boyfriend once.	Did you tell him, or did he find out?
6	i felt sad when I was all alone the other day [SEP] That's too bad. Why were you all alone? [SEP] family left without me to visit some other relatives	family left without me to visit some other relatives	Interesting. Why wouldn't they take you along?
2	I don't have anyone to talk to. It can get pretty quiet in this big house I live in	I don't have anyone to talk to. It can get pretty quiet in this big house I live in	I'll always talk to you.
1	My neighbor returned my wallet today.	My neighbor returned my wallet today.	That was nice of your neighbor! I hope everything was still inside of it!
2	I was hoping to go out with my friend's this weekend, but it was raining all weekend. [SEP] It's been raining a lot here, too, I know that feeling! Did you manage to find something interesting to do inside instead? [SEP] I just read a lot but really wanted to do something outdoors. 	I just read a lot but really wanted to do something outdoors. 	Being cooped up is the worst. Hopefully next weekend is nice and sunny for you and your friends!
0	I walked into class yesterday fully unprepared for our final exam. [SEP] Oh no!  What happened?  Do you think you did ok anyway? [SEP] I did terrible, I will most likely have to take the course again.	I did terrible, I will most likely have to take the course again.	That's sad to hear :(  That happened to me before and I came out ok in the end, I'm sure you will too :)
6	Mom decided to sell my dog, Im heart broken. [SEP] Oh, no!  I hate to hear that.  What type of dog was she? [SEP] She was a husky dog, I don't know what to do now.	She was a husky dog, I don't know what to do now.	It is so hard when we have to say goodbye to anyone - even to our loyal friends.  Why did you have to get rid of her?
8	I came home from work today to a wonderful surprise guest! [SEP] Really what was it? [SEP] My daughter drove into town and paid us a visit!	My daughter drove into town and paid us a visit!	That was kind of herr
5	When I see little boys teasing/flirting with my 14-yo cousin I post up on her status and tell them to F**K off and they get scared every time haha...I'm not trying to be mean but she needs someone to protect her	When I see little boys teasing/flirting with my 14-yo cousin I post up on her status and tell them to F**K off and they get scared every time haha...I'm not trying to be mean but she needs someone to protect her	I agree, but maybe you should be a little less aggressive 
7	I got an award at my place of work	I got an award at my place of work	Thats so good,am happy for you
5	I am seeing a lot of litter on the ground these days around my school... really chaps me. [SEP] Yeah that is pretty upsetting. I don't get what is so hard about throwing away your trash.  [SEP] I know, right? People are just so lazy or don't care I guess.	I know, right? People are just so lazy or don't care I guess.	Maybe the kids will see all of the trash and see that it is bad and grow up to not  litter?
1	I often get so annoyed having pictures taken of me, and getting asked to smile. I hate my teeth, since they're so big. I wish I had smaller, more natural teeth that other people do.. it makes me so paranoid sometimes. [SEP] Don't be! You are awesome the way you are! [SEP] I appreciate that. And I try to tell myself that imperfections help people stay grounded and kind. But it's still hard not to get so self-conscious about it in everyday life. I almost want to grab something and grind them down!	I appreciate that. And I try to tell myself that imperfections help people stay grounded and kind. But it's still hard not to get so self-conscious about it in everyday life. I almost want to grab something and grind them down!	Our imperfections help us stay unique! Do worry yourself with that, there are so many other things that can get us down and worry us! Just keep being awesome!
6	My neighbor's party is still going on. I need to wake up early tomorrow.	My neighbor's party is still going on. I need to wake up early tomorrow.	What time is it there?
3	Some one lied to my girl friend	Some one lied to my girl friend	I hope it wasn't a close friend that lied.
6	so my brother bought the car i had my eye on	so my brother bought the car i had my eye on	Oh, what car was it?  Are you jealous?
4	I was super sad yesterday when someone I know ruined the little bit of trust I had in them.  [SEP] What did that do..  [SEP] I allowed them back in too rebuild..and they ruined it again. So I really don't know if I'll ever let them back in again.	I allowed them back in too rebuild..and they ruined it again. So I really don't know if I'll ever let them back in again.	I am sorry that someone did that to you..
2	I can not wait for my best friend to visit from Germany. [SEP] Oh that's exciting! When are they coming? [SEP] He arrives this weekend. I have a fun planned weekend.	He arrives this weekend. I have a fun planned weekend.	That's excellent! I bet you two will have an amazing time!
7	I could not believe I wont a raffle at my company last week. [SEP] That is amazing, I never win anything.  What was the prize? [SEP] It was 2 plan tickets for anywhere in the world	It was 2 plan tickets for anywhere in the world	Holy cow, what a great prize.  Congratulations!
4	My dog died 6 months ago	My dog died 6 months ago	I'm so sorry to hear that, it's always tough to lose a pet. 
1	I ate 20 Big Macs for dinner tonight. [SEP] Wow, that is really impressive! [SEP] It was indeed! While I was consuming them. Then I looked back and thought about the starving kids in Antarctica...boy did I feel ashamed.	It was indeed! While I was consuming them. Then I looked back and thought about the starving kids in Antarctica...boy did I feel ashamed.	They would be very jealous!
1	i have a box of baby stuff from my twins that i have kept since they have been babies. they are 25 now	i have a box of baby stuff from my twins that i have kept since they have been babies. they are 25 now	thats very cute to do that
1	I got to quit my terrible job a few weeks ago. 	I got to quit my terrible job a few weeks ago. 	That must be a relief.
7	I recently got a new job in a city three hours away in an industry that I've never worked in yet. I'm a bit nervous, but at the same time I'm excited.	I recently got a new job in a city three hours away in an industry that I've never worked in yet. I'm a bit nervous, but at the same time I'm excited.	Congratulations, I'm sure you will do great.  it's always nerve-racking the first day of work!
8	I'm hoping to buy a home this fall.  I recently met with a loan officer about a mortgage.  He was very highly recommended by my realtor, so I thought the meeting would go well.  I was really disappointed when I didn't like the guy and he wasn't helpful at all. [SEP] Oh my yeah I would have been pretty irritated!  [SEP] Yes, it was a real bummer.  Now I have to search around for someone else to help me get a mortgage.  It's a drag when personal recommendations don't work out.	Yes, it was a real bummer.  Now I have to search around for someone else to help me get a mortgage.  It's a drag when personal recommendations don't work out.	Yes it stinks when things just dont work out, but keep your head up, Im sure you will find someone you like that will be a big help to you!
7	I had a job interview today! I guarantee I will get a call back for the position!	I had a job interview today! I guarantee I will get a call back for the position!	Good luck! I have faith on you.
4	Mom decided to sell my dog, Im heart broken. [SEP] Oh, no!  I hate to hear that.  What type of dog was she? [SEP] She was a husky dog, I don't know what to do now. [SEP] It is so hard when we have to say goodbye to anyone - even to our loyal friends.  Why did you have to get rid of her? [SEP] She said we couldn't afford her anymore.	She said we couldn't afford her anymore.	Well, I just have to say how sorry I am that you had to let he go.  Maybe you can keep visiting her at least. 
0	I am excited about the kids started back too [SEP] How many kids do you have [SEP] I have none. But all of my neighbors do and they like to be noisey in the summer lol	I have none. But all of my neighbors do and they like to be noisey in the summer lol	I don't have any either so I feel your pain.
8	My dog pooped on the rug yesterday. I was so mad at her! [SEP] That happened to someone else today too! That is a bummer but is she just a puppy? [SEP] She is! So I knew I couldn't be mad at her forever. I got over it quite quickly.	She is! So I knew I couldn't be mad at her forever. I got over it quite quickly.	That is good. You are better then me..I rescue but I would hate having that on something new.
1	I was so pleased with the service I received from the delivery company when I bought my new stove! [SEP] Well that's good, are you enjoying the new stove? [SEP] I am! The delivery guys were nice enough to connect the cord, plug it in and even set the clock!	I am! The delivery guys were nice enough to connect the cord, plug it in and even set the clock!	Wow how kind.
7	I finally finished my PhD thesis. I have worked for 3 years on it! [SEP] Oh wow! Congrats, I know the process my husband did one. What is your on? [SEP] Its on Economics. I am so proud of myself that my hard is going to pay off.	Its on Economics. I am so proud of myself that my hard is going to pay off.	Yes! What univerisyt it it form
6	I was outside when lightning struck a tree that was close to me. [SEP] That must have been scary.  [SEP] I thought I was a goner.	I thought I was a goner.	When you hear thunder do you hide now?
4	It really sucked, since a month ago I was dating this girl and she dumped me so early on.	It really sucked, since a month ago I was dating this girl and she dumped me so early on.	I'm so sorry.  Are you okay?
2	I'm going for an interview for a job on Monday and am feeling nauseated when I think about it. [SEP] Hey, I bet you'll do great! Nothing to stress about.  [SEP] I just really want this job more than any others and its hard to get in.  I'll be crushed if I don't get it.	I just really want this job more than any others and its hard to get in.  I'll be crushed if I don't get it.	Just try to stay positive and get a good night's rest the night before and I'm sure you'll do amazing! Just have to go in with confidence.
6	I cant wait to go on my end of summer trip in texas.	I cant wait to go on my end of summer trip in texas.	Sounds like fun. What you got planned ?
8	My cat died yesterday. [SEP] Oh I am sorry to hear that, how old was it? [SEP] 14 years old	14 years old	Oh, well that is a long time, but a stronger bond as well
6	I had to get my foot checked out at the doctor recently.	I had to get my foot checked out at the doctor recently.	ooooh what happened , are you ok ? anything serious ?
3	i stole some money from my brother and he realized it was gone, but i haven't said anything. I think I should [SEP] Yeah it might be a good idea to tell him. But you may want to have the money to give back to him first.  [SEP] well I feel bad because I used it... on some drugs that I needed.	well I feel bad because I used it... on some drugs that I needed.	Hopefully legal drugs.  But either way I think you should tell him and give him his money. But you know your brother better than me. 
6	I really have feelings for my new girlfriend.	I really have feelings for my new girlfriend.	What kind of feelings?
4	I was very sad when my grandmother passed away.	I was very sad when my grandmother passed away.	I am so sorry to hear that!  Don't worry.  I know it is hard but every day will get better.
6	i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog!	i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog!	Oh no, is your dog okay?
4	I just wont ever forget the way I felt when I lost my father. 	I just wont ever forget the way I felt when I lost my father. 	im sorry to hear that. how long ago was it?
8	I love watching movies from when I was a kid	I love watching movies from when I was a kid	Same here. I can sometimes remember where I was the first time Ive seen some to.
4	My food order today did not turn out as well as I had hoped.	My food order today did not turn out as well as I had hoped.	Sorry to hear!  What all did you order?  And what was wrong with it?
2	Just bought some luggage bags.  Getting ready!	Just bought some luggage bags.  Getting ready!	I just got done traveling myself! There's no better feeling than the anticipating of traveling. I love airports, especially, because of all the people-watching and the general atmosphere. I hope your trip goes smoothly!
3	I was kinda a lonely child. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that, growing up can be tough. [SEP] Yeah, I was an only child, and over 300 miles from any extended family growing up.	Yeah, I was an only child, and over 300 miles from any extended family growing up.	That is hard, especially being so far away from family.
6	Last summer I stayed with a friend as I was nearly broke.  I went the store to get food and got back $20 extra in change from the cashier and ended up keeping the money.	Last summer I stayed with a friend as I was nearly broke.  I went the store to get food and got back $20 extra in change from the cashier and ended up keeping the money.	Oh wow, so it was extra money that was not yours?
6	I got an interview for a job way above what I thought I was qualified for [SEP] That is great news. How did the interview go? [SEP] It hasn't happened yet. Monday 20th August	It hasn't happened yet. Monday 20th August	Who is the interview with?
6	Someone was looking at me through my window.	Someone was looking at me through my window.	Do you know who it was?
1	I went to an EDM concert that had artists that I used to listen to. It was a blast from the past! [SEP] I have never heard of an EDM, what is that? [SEP] Electronic Dance Music. It's where all the hipster millennials gather to party and listen to trippy music haha	Electronic Dance Music. It's where all the hipster millennials gather to party and listen to trippy music haha	Lol- sounds like fun! Nothing better than nice hippies!
6	I asked my friend to get some stuff for a party, I knew I could count on him though.	I asked my friend to get some stuff for a party, I knew I could count on him though.	It's great to be able to have that trust and bond. Did everything go well?
8	When I was really young my parents decided to finish the basement of their house and make it into a master suite. I thought that would be cool, but I was so freaked out for many months after! [SEP] What caused you to be freaked out over the finished basement? Sounds good all around. [SEP] I was just scared because my parents and I had always been in rooms next to each other and now they were ALL the way downstairs. Thinking back it was a pretty silly thing to be afraid about.	I was just scared because my parents and I had always been in rooms next to each other and now they were ALL the way downstairs. Thinking back it was a pretty silly thing to be afraid about.	Well, actually, I think that makes sense considering you were a kid and you were use to them being with you upstairs.
1	Lately, my wife is little bit depressed. So I bought her a gift to show her how important she is to me.	Lately, my wife is little bit depressed. So I bought her a gift to show her how important she is to me.	That is very kind of you. You sound like a good husband.
7	I know that the US will qualify for the next World Cup. [SEP] I honestly hope they do not. [SEP] Why is that? I love when they play soccer.	Why is that? I love when they play soccer.	I'm more of a football fan!
0	I found out that my storage unit burned down over the weekend.  I lost several items. [SEP] I am sorry to hear that. Did the storage had insurance? [SEP] Yes, but the things that were lost were keepsakes and momentos.  Very difficult to replace those items.  	Yes, but the things that were lost were keepsakes and momentos.  Very difficult to replace those items.  	I understand.The emotional value is inrepleacable
1	Our home was broken into right after we moved in. I was so mad!	Our home was broken into right after we moved in. I was so mad!	That sounds like a nightmare! Hopefully no one was hurt.
4	My dog passed away a week ago. Feels different not having anyone to come home to	My dog passed away a week ago. Feels different not having anyone to come home to	Im so sorry. I know the feeling, Im really sorry!
4	I worked really hard to get a promotion at work and I found out yesterday I didn't get it.	I worked really hard to get a promotion at work and I found out yesterday I didn't get it.	I'm sorry. Your boss still knows about the great work you have put in, though
7	I always feel like myself from the past when I drive my old truck. [SEP] Sounds like a good time.  What kind of truck is it? [SEP] 1968 chevrolet	1968 chevrolet	My in-laws used to have an old chevy truck I don't remember the year though.
6	I got mad last year when I was fired	I got mad last year when I was fired	I would had the same reaction. Why did they fire you?
5	I hugged a girl thinking she was my girlfriend.	I hugged a girl thinking she was my girlfriend.	Maybe she will be .
2	Tomorrow was the day i was getting my favoirte nose piercing! [SEP] Are you excited? [SEP] yes!!! i have been waiting so long for it!	yes!!! i have been waiting so long for it!	How exciting! Hopefully it doesn't hurt too bad.
0	Have you ever worked so hard, years for one moment that define the rest of your life?	Have you ever worked so hard, years for one moment that define the rest of your life?	I sort of have. I worked like crazy to get a work visa for the US, so I could be with the person I wanted to spend my life with. It paid off, so I can kind of understand what you're saying.
3	Whenever I started in college, I really wanted to get my foot in the door with girls so I decided to download Tinder and it worked out surprisingly well. [SEP] That is really cool. Did you find a girl you really liked? [SEP] I've found a few with quite mixed levels of success. I have gotten a fair amount of matches though.	I've found a few with quite mixed levels of success. I have gotten a fair amount of matches though.	Well I hope you are able to find the perfect girl for you!
0	i was upset when i saw my car door had a huge dent in it [SEP] I would have been too. How did it happen? [SEP] someone that parked next to me swung their door into mine i guess	someone that parked next to me swung their door into mine i guess	That has happened to me before. So aggravating! 
7	i really wanted to get pregnant but month after month it didn't happen [SEP] Hmm maybe it's not your time yet...I'm sure you'll get there [SEP] i'm getting up there in years so i'm kind of at the end of the line. i suppose it may not meant be to be	i'm getting up there in years so i'm kind of at the end of the line. i suppose it may not meant be to be	I wish you abundant joy, success health and wealth in all areas of your life.
5	I went to the Grand Canyon for the first time during winter. It was breathtaking. 	I went to the Grand Canyon for the first time during winter. It was breathtaking. 	I've never been there. I think it would be intimidating.
6	My mother got very sick and there was no one else to take care of her.	My mother got very sick and there was no one else to take care of her.	That is terrible. Are you going to take of her?
6	My son just passed his fist level in swimming lessons. I feel good to be his dad right now. [SEP] Did you help him to learn the swim techniques? [SEP] Yes, we would practice every even in our pool when the weather is nice. 	Yes, we would practice every even in our pool when the weather is nice. 	How old is your son now?
5	i am so frustrated ! at work my colleagues are not understanding it's so annoying! because i am realtively knew and young they are condescending me	i am so frustrated ! at work my colleagues are not understanding it's so annoying! because i am realtively knew and young they are condescending me	this happens a lot at work, maybe try to talk to them about it? 
8	My friend lost her job. But because she doesn't have any debt, she can pretty much work McDonalds and still be okay. [SEP] that's great! I mean it's sad that she lost her job but being debt free is awesome [SEP] Yea. She won't have to worry nor work for a job she doesn't like.	Yea. She won't have to worry nor work for a job she doesn't like.	Good for her! I wish i didn't have to work :)
5	I bought my fiancee a big cake for her birthday. [SEP] Was she impressed? [SEP] Yes, she really liked it I think. I just wanted to show how much she meant to me... with a giant cake haha.	Yes, she really liked it I think. I just wanted to show how much she meant to me... with a giant cake haha.	That's a good idea, maybe take her on a cute date sometime as well?
7	I know that the US will qualify for the next World Cup. [SEP] I honestly hope they do not. [SEP] Why is that? I love when they play soccer.	Why is that? I love when they play soccer.	I'm more of a football fan!
0	ok, don’t judge me, but this is going to sound silly but i cried watching a movie the other day [SEP] There is nothing silly about that.  Movies are meant to illicit emotion.  You feel better now though, right? [SEP] Yes, yes I do. It was The Notebook.  I just got really emotional watching it.	Yes, yes I do. It was The Notebook.  I just got really emotional watching it.	Definitely don't feel bad then.  I think everyone cried during that movie!
2	This road trip was going to be perfect, I didnt forget anything this time. [SEP] Where are you going on your road trip? [SEP] I am going to denver! one of my favorite city.	I am going to denver! one of my favorite city.	I love Denver, I go every summer.
7	I am going back to school this semester and decided to get everything ready well in advance. 	I am going back to school this semester and decided to get everything ready well in advance. 	Good for you. Being prepared is half the work of academia. 
3	Im still pretty cool with my ex. [SEP] That's good to hear. [SEP] We didnt end well but we moved past it. [SEP] That's good that you can get through and hopefully still care about each other. [SEP] Its nice.	Its nice.	I hope you can find the peace and keep up whatever friendship you may have.
1	My wife received an award at work for her hard work on a particularly difficult work project! Man, I was happy for her! [SEP] That's awesome. You must be so proud of her! [SEP] I am!  It feels really good to know that she is successful in what she does.  	I am!  It feels really good to know that she is successful in what she does.  	She's a lucky lady!
3	I anxious about my tomorrow's exam. [SEP] Did you prepare for it? [SEP] Nope. I afraid to go tomorrow.	Nope. I afraid to go tomorrow.	It's not too late. You will have to pull an all nighter and study. If you are prepared you will feel better about going.
7	Congratulations! You deserve it! [SEP] /Am not sure, what i deserve [SEP] Buying a house is house is a huge accomplishment!	Buying a house is house is a huge accomplishment!	oh thank you!! for your wishes!!
6	Before I met my girlfriend and friends, I felt very alone, it was a dark time	Before I met my girlfriend and friends, I felt very alone, it was a dark time	Are you happy now?
7	I just finished an interview for a new job!  I am fairly certain I nailed it!	I just finished an interview for a new job!  I am fairly certain I nailed it!	Congratulations! I am sure you deserve it.
0	When i see old people on roadside begging. i  have tears in my eyes. [SEP] I do feel bad for them as well, its tough to see [SEP] yeah indeed, why there is nobody to look after them?	yeah indeed, why there is nobody to look after them?	People have to look after themselves
4	I gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. I thought I could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. I thought it was a sure thing, and now I have none of it [SEP] That is too bad. What are you going to do? Was this your first time gambling? [SEP] It was... I went on the advice of my best friend, who knows horse racing. He's never given me advice like that before, so I figured he just felt really confident about it, otherwise he wouldn't say anything. I mean, I still can take out student loans, I just should have been smarter about this.	It was... I went on the advice of my best friend, who knows horse racing. He's never given me advice like that before, so I figured he just felt really confident about it, otherwise he wouldn't say anything. I mean, I still can take out student loans, I just should have been smarter about this.	That is too bad that you had to learn a lesson that way. I am sorry.
0	My friend is having a minor surgery today but he is apprehensive about it. I am worried for him as well too. [SEP] Minor surgery is still surgery.  I understand that it can be scary for anyone. [SEP] Especially if its your first.  He will have to be anesthetized. 	Especially if its your first.  He will have to be anesthetized. 	That is a surreal feeling, I understand his apprehension.  
0	I got to go to the park and read a book today after a tough week of work. [SEP] what book you reading? [SEP] I am reading Game of Thrones. It was nice to kick up my feet and feel the sunshine on my balding scalp.	I am reading Game of Thrones. It was nice to kick up my feet and feel the sunshine on my balding scalp.	lol i feel you, i too am lacking in that department
1	Someone almost crashed into me today [SEP] That's horrible! What happened? [SEP] just a  bad driver, i was shocked	just a  bad driver, i was shocked	That really sucks. I am glad you are okay.
2	madden came out today, i think i have a chance to be really good [SEP] Oh, which series is it? [SEP] madden 19 for ps4	madden 19 for ps4	Good. I hope you enjoy the game and play well.
5	My husband will be away on a trip for the weekend and it will be so quiet without him here.	My husband will be away on a trip for the weekend and it will be so quiet without him here.	Aww i'm sorry. Maybe enjoy a glass of wine and watch some girly shows. My husband is in the military and gone a lot so I feel for you.
3	My dog pooped on the rug last night. I was so mad at that little imp! [SEP] awww sorry bout your rug...there's a facebook group called doggo you should follow...owners post pics of their dogs with signs around their necks like "I like jumping out of moving cars just to poop in front of strangers" you might be less mad looking at them haha [SEP] I think I might check that out! My anger quickly subsided though. She is but a little pup and it is my duty to teach her on where to go to the bathroom!	I think I might check that out! My anger quickly subsided though. She is but a little pup and it is my duty to teach her on where to go to the bathroom!	Yup.  But here's a link https://www.facebook.com/doggocom/photos/pcb.511713622609187/511711852609364/?type=3&theater
8	I have had the same best friend for 10 years now [SEP] That's good! It's always nice to have friends you can rely on [SEP] I trust her with my life and my kids'. I know she feels the same.	I trust her with my life and my kids'. I know she feels the same.	I wish I had that kind of relationship. I left most of that when I moved :(
8	I love camping! I'm going down to the beach this weekend and going to sleep out there for a couple of days! [SEP] That is awesome and sounds like so much fun! What are you most excited for? [SEP] Getting a tan! My skin has barely seen the sun all summer long, I'm ready to bask in the sunlight!	Getting a tan! My skin has barely seen the sun all summer long, I'm ready to bask in the sunlight!	I can relate! I love to tan and haven't had the chance to yet either!
4	i have a doctor's appointment on thursday that has me a little worried [SEP] I'm sure it'll go fine! Are you doing okay? [SEP] no. i have a bunch of health issues going on	no. i have a bunch of health issues going on	I'm sorry to hear that. I hope the doctor can give you some treatment options. 
5	I applied for a home loan and I'm waiting to hear back on it. The waiting is driving me up a wall. [SEP] can't you place a call to them? [SEP] I have. It's taking them extra long for some reason. All the scrutiny is making me run circles.	I have. It's taking them extra long for some reason. All the scrutiny is making me run circles.	I just think you should just be optimistic and patient
7	A good friend of mine ended up moving a few states away. We haven't been face to face in over three years. [SEP] wow im sorry to hear that. you still stay in contact? [SEP] Yeah, we talk daily on FaceBook. Really that's the biggest benefit to social media these days.	Yeah, we talk daily on FaceBook. Really that's the biggest benefit to social media these days.	thats good
0	So early and all alone.	So early and all alone.	You're not alone. You've got me
8	Borrowed my friend's car, and someone rammed her the door in the parking lot. [SEP] Oh no... yikes have you told your friend yet?  [SEP] Oh yea. I'm paying her deductible for it.	Oh yea. I'm paying her deductible for it.	well thats good of you! too bad it happened :/ but glad shes not upset 
6	i felt all alone the other day	i felt all alone the other day	I hear you! What made you feel all alone?
0	I fed some dead bodies to pigs. [SEP] What kind of dead bodies? [SEP] Human ones. I feel quite lonely now. But they had to die.	Human ones. I feel quite lonely now. But they had to die.	I understand your feelings.
6	My brother is about to find out that I had to steal $20 from him to pay for gas, since I was in such a bind. He's gonna be so mad at me	My brother is about to find out that I had to steal $20 from him to pay for gas, since I was in such a bind. He's gonna be so mad at me	Did you really steal it or was it more like borrowing without asking first?
3	I am so happy to be independent.	I am so happy to be independent.	Its always better to rely on ourselves. Im happy for you! 
7	Hi, so my son came first in his English class!	Hi, so my son came first in his English class!	Congratulations to you both.  You must be a very proud parent.
0	I finally found a music streaming link that plays fairly new music and not just the same thing repeatedly. [SEP] That is nice, the ones I use play the same songs over and over! [SEP] Yea. Like what is the point of listening to the radio, if they're going to play the same song. I can do that on my own without the ads.	Yea. Like what is the point of listening to the radio, if they're going to play the same song. I can do that on my own without the ads.	I agree, and most of the music is older music, too.
6	Last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	Last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	Oh no! Is everything okay? What happened?
4	Me and some friends went to the movies one time and one of them started to panic in the theater. It really scared me until I realized why.	Me and some friends went to the movies one time and one of them started to panic in the theater. It really scared me until I realized why.	sorry about that. what was happening
7	I knew i would pass my math test that i studied for last week [SEP] It's a good feeling when you are successful after you have worked so hard.  [SEP] yea i was very happy with how i felt	yea i was very happy with how i felt	The way you felt should be motivation to keep up the good work.
5	My sister had my makeup on yesterday again! [SEP] Aww dangit!  You might have to hide it better lol [SEP] Why! doesnt she know not to steal?	Why! doesnt she know not to steal?	I know right??  Maybe you should buy some bad makeup and let her steal that
1	Yesterday I got my car washed. I was pulling out of the car wash and a bird nailed my hood with its mess. [SEP] Did you clean it again? [SEP] Yeah I was really ticked off but luckily the car wash said I can get another wash for free. That made me feel better.	Yeah I was really ticked off but luckily the car wash said I can get another wash for free. That made me feel better.	That was nice of them.
2	I have an interview for my potential job tomorrow and have been practicing in front of the mirror all day.	I have an interview for my potential job tomorrow and have been practicing in front of the mirror all day.	I hope you get the job. Just don't be nervous . It shoes.
6	There isnt a better home cook in the world than myself.	There isnt a better home cook in the world than myself.	Really? What sort of cooking do you like to do?
4	Have you ever been a victim of a home break in? [SEP] Yes I have actually. It was scary. [SEP] Our home was broken into 2 months after we purchased it. Luckily, we were not home at the time. 	Our home was broken into 2 months after we purchased it. Luckily, we were not home at the time. 	Im so sorry to hear that. I was watching a house for a familty member and they're safe was stolen.
5	After going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college [SEP] Wow, that's incredible! Good for him. [SEP] Yea, I'm pretty happy for him. I'm sure he'll do a lot for society.	Yea, I'm pretty happy for him. I'm sure he'll do a lot for society.	I think so too, he knows what it's like to be down and out and to work hard for his own success.
5	I just aet a whole pack of cookies [SEP] Oh my, do you feel content with all that sugar in your body? [SEP] Not really. I feel ashamed of myself	Not really. I feel ashamed of myself	Its okay, you should treat yourself every now and then!
8	i loved taking care of my sisters pet [SEP] Pets are great companions! What kind of pet is it? [SEP] a bearded dragon	a bearded dragon	Wow I was not expecting that! I'm happy that you get to spend time with it.
5	I feed the birds that come to my home everyday [SEP] Well that's nice of you to do that for them. I bet they enjoy the treat. [SEP] I hope so, too. I've been having to spread it on the grass though which is difficult for them to eat.	I hope so, too. I've been having to spread it on the grass though which is difficult for them to eat.	Maybe you could try putting it on a cute bird feeder so it'll be a little easier for them?
1	My puppy died suddenly a year ago. I still miss him like crazy. [SEP] That's sad. What happened? [SEP] He ate a soccer ball. It got caught in his stomach and caused tearing. He died in surgery	He ate a soccer ball. It got caught in his stomach and caused tearing. He died in surgery	That's so bad. I don't have any pets
6	I am having a bonus this year. I am so happy. I can't wait to see it on my bank account.	I am having a bonus this year. I am so happy. I can't wait to see it on my bank account.	what are you going to do with it ?
4	I remember a time where I was asked to help out with a kids camp as a volunteer and it was about 2 months ahead of time, so I completely forgot about it and ended up not going [SEP] Did you hear anything about what happened at that camp in your absence? I hope there were no hard feelings! [SEP] no idea, I was too embarrassed to respond	no idea, I was too embarrassed to respond	Sorry for the delay. I had a technical difficulty. Either way, I'm sure there were no hard feelings. A lot of people sign up to work those camps every year.
4	...i really thought i could do it, i had 3 hours do deliver the project at work, i made a promise i would, but in the end i couldn't and everyone was so disappointed in me, i feel so done...	...i really thought i could do it, i had 3 hours do deliver the project at work, i made a promise i would, but in the end i couldn't and everyone was so disappointed in me, i feel so done...	I'm sorry to hear that, can you make it up to them?
6	I used to be able to ride a bike and I enjoyed it, then I injured my leg. I miss that now. [SEP] I know what you mean. In time you will be able to ride again. [SEP] I really hope so. It's been years and it hurts whenever I try. [SEP] Have you thought about getting therapy?  Sometimes, it will speed the process of healing. [SEP] I did for a while. Maybe I should do more of that. It might help.	I did for a while. Maybe I should do more of that. It might help.	Yeah, it will not hurt. Can you go for walks instead?
5	I was born in the Philippines and living in America makes me value my heritage even more. [SEP] That is interesting, what things do you do while living in America to keep your heritage alive? [SEP] I read a lot of books and try to find other Filipinos to hang out with which is pretty hard	I read a lot of books and try to find other Filipinos to hang out with which is pretty hard	I would imagine that might be difficult, perhaps there are some online social groups you could join as well?
1	I was playing soccer with some friends the other day and it was really intense and close. [SEP] I never leave my house! Much less play sports! [SEP] I usually don't do that either, trust me haha.	I usually don't do that either, trust me haha.	I love it inside where the AC is!
7	I was visiting my hometown over the holiday. I passed in front of my old high school. It still looked the exact same.	I was visiting my hometown over the holiday. I passed in front of my old high school. It still looked the exact same.	It
2	I get to go to Greece in a few weeks!  [SEP] Wow, how did you afford that? [SEP] I budgeted for a year to make sure I could afford it. Well worth it!	I budgeted for a year to make sure I could afford it. Well worth it!	Awesome, I hope it is all worth it
2	I am looking forward to the new football season. [SEP] Me too. Who do you support? [SEP] I am a Cowboys fan.  I can't wait for it!	I am a Cowboys fan.  I can't wait for it!	I hope they do well for you
3	I am thinking of getting this polaris slingshot I have been wanting. Hence the Mturking. I'm not sure if I will be able to afford it though	I am thinking of getting this polaris slingshot I have been wanting. Hence the Mturking. I'm not sure if I will be able to afford it though	Oh yes you can. Just keep turking and you will get there for sure even if you have to work extra hours in the night.
8	I will never forget the feeling I felt on September 11th, 2001	I will never forget the feeling I felt on September 11th, 2001	I was a kid then, but I remember my teachers reaction
1	Everything is going great right now.	Everything is going great right now.	That is good news! My life is also going great!
6	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week [SEP] Is it her that's got a lizard - bearded dragon thing? [SEP] yes it is, his name is spoons!	yes it is, his name is spoons!	What does he eat?
1	I saw a woman blow her nose in to her shirt.	I saw a woman blow her nose in to her shirt.	Oh gross! That must have been disgusting to see.
7	I just found out that my parents are moving back near me! They'll be here in about a month! [SEP] That is awesome!  How long were they away  [SEP] They moved away for a job about 8 years ago so its been a while.  They just love our hometown so they were working to come back if they could.  It makes me so happy! 	They moved away for a job about 8 years ago so its been a while.  They just love our hometown so they were working to come back if they could.  It makes me so happy! 	I am so happy for you!
8	i pretend to watch scary movies. I always go to sleep	i pretend to watch scary movies. I always go to sleep	I also go to sleep during movies.
3	Hi, I went on a road trip this summer. [SEP] Sounds like fun!  Did you enjoyed it? How far did you go? [SEP] It was great! It was a long drive, but my husband didn't get lost.	It was great! It was a long drive, but my husband didn't get lost.	Great! love road trips!  I hope to take one soon.
0	My son is starting school on Monday. I've got everything ready to go! [SEP] Cool. What grade? [SEP] 2nd. I don't know where time has gone!	2nd. I don't know where time has gone!	I have one in pre-k and an 8th grader now. Makes me feel so old
2	I really enjoy sitting outside on a nice cool day, watching my kids play in the yard. [SEP] That sounds great.  What do they like to do in the yard? [SEP] They love playing on their playground and swinging around their toy swords! Slaying dragons and saving princesses!	They love playing on their playground and swinging around their toy swords! Slaying dragons and saving princesses!	THat is so sweet.  I hope the weather stays nice
3	I got an older car for my 16th birthday, but my best friend got a BRAND new BMW! Ugh, life is so unfair. [SEP] Life is not fair for anybody [SEP] I guess you're right. I should just be happy that I got a car period. Some people don't even have cards. It's just hard not to be a little envious.	I guess you're right. I should just be happy that I got a car period. Some people don't even have cards. It's just hard not to be a little envious.	Yeah, as long as you have a car you are better than most people
7	I am so happy with my life right now. [SEP] That must be a great feeling!  Good for you!  You should be proud that things are going well and not take it for granted. [SEP] Nice advice , thanks.I will make sure I follow the advice.	Nice advice , thanks.I will make sure I follow the advice.	Good deal!  I am happy to help!
8	Yesterday I got a raise! I'm glad my work was noticed [SEP] Congrats.I bet you worked hard for tha raised. [SEP] I did! I feel extra motivated too which is probably good for them too lol.	I did! I feel extra motivated too which is probably good for them too lol.	You deserve this raise and many more in the future.
5	Last weekend I went car shopping at my local BMW dealership and saw someone leaving in a brand new i8! I want that car so bad! [SEP] Sweet! Wouldn't mind one myself. What do they cost new? [SEP] Way more than I can afford.  After taxes and everything you are looking at around $150K!  I wish I was the guy that had just bought it!	Way more than I can afford.  After taxes and everything you are looking at around $150K!  I wish I was the guy that had just bought it!	Woah! I could live for ten years on that. Hope you wrote down his tag - maybe you could sweet-talk him into going for a drive!
0	I was happy to see my dog returned home [SEP] That is great news!  Was he lost? [SEP] yea he got out from the backyard	yea he got out from the backyard	That has definitely got to be a relief that he is back!  That is the best case scenario.  Hopefully, he never gets away again.  Make sure to check your fence!
1	i worked for two months and expected nothing, but i wasn't disturbed, i had passion for what i was doing [SEP] I wonder what was the work you were doing so passionately? [SEP] Making clothes for a company 	Making clothes for a company 	That's interesting. You must be very talented
6	My friends put together a graduation party for me and I had no idea!	My friends put together a graduation party for me and I had no idea!	That's so awesome. Did you cry?
2	My friend has been taking care of his elderly mom, going to school and work full-time. [SEP] Wow, that's amazing of him, it must be really hard. [SEP] It is hard for him. I try to help, when I can.	It is hard for him. I try to help, when I can.	That's really kind of you, I bet he appreciates all the help he can get big or small.
7	When we went grocery shopping the other night some girl starting talking to my husband, giggling, and all that. He tried to be polite, but, she just wouldn't sto[p and I got so mad. [SEP] I don't blame you!  I would've been furious if some girl was talking to my husband that way.  Ridulous how awful some people are. [SEP] I just finally cracked a joke about us needing to get to the grandkids party. 	I just finally cracked a joke about us needing to get to the grandkids party. 	Ha ha, that's a good one.  
3	Our coworker who has been with us for over 20 years just quit out of the blue.	Our coworker who has been with us for over 20 years just quit out of the blue.	Oh no, I hate to heart that. I hope everything is okay.
0	I don't want to go on this Tinder date. Nothing good will come of it. [SEP] Don't be so negative about it. Maybe you'll really like the person. [SEP] I doubt it, I'd rather not waste my time.	I doubt it, I'd rather not waste my time.	So then just let the person know you can't make it. There's no reason to waste that person's time.
2	My friend is coming in from out of town today. [SEP] cool [SEP] Thanks, we're gonna have a blast this weekend.	Thanks, we're gonna have a blast this weekend.	i bet. I miss my friends
3	I had to have this oral surgery once, I remember it very well because it was an uncommon procedure. They had to go up in my gums and attached a chain to one of my eye teeth and sew it back up and then once everything healed the orthodontist pulled the tooth down slowly over several months by attaching the chain to my braces.	I had to have this oral surgery once, I remember it very well because it was an uncommon procedure. They had to go up in my gums and attached a chain to one of my eye teeth and sew it back up and then once everything healed the orthodontist pulled the tooth down slowly over several months by attaching the chain to my braces.	I hate the dentist, they poke and prod so much.
2	I went to go visit my sister in Vegas last month. [SEP] That would be a great time.  What did you do? [SEP] We went to lots of cool shows. Leading up to the trip I was counting down the days and planning itinerary.	We went to lots of cool shows. Leading up to the trip I was counting down the days and planning itinerary.	I bet.  I would be too
7	"I got first place in a 1 mile race today.	"I got first place in a 1 mile race today.	Congratulations! How long have you been running for?
1	I can't believe I got accepted to school [SEP] Congratulations [SEP] Thank you, studying business!	Thank you, studying business!	Well that a good thing to study too
2	I can't wait until next week. I get to visit my sister and her family. I haven't seen them in a while. [SEP] That's awesome that you are getting to see your family again! [SEP] Yeah I am so looking forward to it. I will have a blast with them!	Yeah I am so looking forward to it. I will have a blast with them!	Well I hope that you have a great time!
3	I finally got promoted at work after 3 years! [SEP] Woohoo! That is amazing. hope it came with some great benefits. [SEP] Would have been nice to get additional benefits but just the money boost!	Would have been nice to get additional benefits but just the money boost!	Hey sometimes thats even better. More financial stability is great.
7	I recently had a child and feel so great. [SEP] Hey congrats!!!  Hows being a parent working [SEP] Great! I never realized how much i could love someone. lol	Great! I never realized how much i could love someone. lol	Yeah I've always heard that about kiddos.  Congrats and good luck!  I'm sure you will be an awesome parent!! :D
3	I yelled at my toddler earlier because he wasn't listening but I think I went a little overboard with it. [SEP] I bet it can be easy for that to happen in the spur the moment [SEP] It can be but I wish I handled it differently.	It can be but I wish I handled it differently.	You'll have a shot at it again, I'm sure!
5	My wife has been paying more attention on our son since childbirth. It's not fair, I feel left out  [SEP] that is her maternal instinct [SEP] oh well, i feel like she has a new boyfriend, is that normal?	oh well, i feel like she has a new boyfriend, is that normal?	no i dont think it is
2	My friend told me she was coming to visit for the holidays.! Exciting.	My friend told me she was coming to visit for the holidays.! Exciting.	i bet you are excited
4	My grandma is having surgery this week, I'm nervous for her.	My grandma is having surgery this week, I'm nervous for her.	Oh, I'm so sorry. I hope she'll be okay.
3	we are going to mexico, and its shocking to see all the homicides there now	we are going to mexico, and its shocking to see all the homicides there now	For vacation? And yeah, the rates are pretty high, hopefully you won't be in those areas.
5	Well I am having a fly issue. I have sticky fly paper (although I hate killing anything) and I clean and no matter what I keep getting flies that bat themselves at me all day. [SEP] Sticky paper is so gross. have you every used cloves? You can put the in your windows to keep flies out. [SEP] I have clove oil and I have tried basil. It seems like the little tiny fly babies get in so I can barely have my window open. My lawn is mowed but it drives me crazy and it takes all day to kill them. Then it restarts the next day! Any flowers that keep them away?	I have clove oil and I have tried basil. It seems like the little tiny fly babies get in so I can barely have my window open. My lawn is mowed but it drives me crazy and it takes all day to kill them. Then it restarts the next day! Any flowers that keep them away?	I don'r know. Once I found out about cloves that worked fr me. Maybe you should het an exterminator although that seems extreme.
7	Im feeling a little bad about what I did maybe I shouldnt maybe I should idk.  [SEP] I'll be the judge of that [SEP] My wife and I both needed new phones, but I could only afford 1 and I ended up buying 1 for myself. I am going to buy her one in a few months but I still feel real bad about it.  [SEP] That's nothing. As long as you still get her a phone. I wouldnt be mad [SEP] Yeah but I can feel the tension! 	Yeah but I can feel the tension! 	Well give her the new phone and then you get one later. Happy wife happy life
1	In the fall, i had a week off and I didn't make any plans because I was pretty broke. My oldest and best childhood friend flew in from where they live in Europe to spend the week with me- they didn't tell me they were coming. It was wonderful! [SEP] oh wow.. where did you all go? [SEP] The best part was just seeing each other- it has been five years. We didn't really do much, all our time was spent chatting. 	The best part was just seeing each other- it has been five years. We didn't really do much, all our time was spent chatting. 	that was so great of your friend
1	i have so much faith in my wife .	i have so much faith in my wife .	That is positive, you must really love her!
2	im starting to make more and more money online, eventually i want to make this my full time job [SEP] That's awesome! I wish I could do that too [SEP] i have a job alread, but my backs in constant pain and its gone out 3 times over the years , i need a plan b or win the lottery 	i have a job alread, but my backs in constant pain and its gone out 3 times over the years , i need a plan b or win the lottery 	Oh that's awful. I hope your back can improve as well as your odds on the lottery.
0	My daughters helped out when my Mom was sick without me having to ask. It made me feel really good [SEP] Good for them for taking the initiative and helping the family. [SEP] That's the part that I was so impressed with. 	That's the part that I was so impressed with. 	You must of done something right in raising them. 
2	buddy really its so good to have a great parents in our life [SEP] My parents are no longer living [SEP] sorry,dude	sorry,dude	Its okay, I have good memories
0	I have never been able to chug a beer. I guess girls arent supposed to anyway [SEP] you can do whatever you want!! You like beer? [SEP] I love beer. Just can't chug. I can only do half lol	I love beer. Just can't chug. I can only do half lol	oh okay I see lol chugging reminds me of high school
4	I felt bad the other day- I tried on a dress at the store and it looked awful, but I saw another girl trying it on as well and she looked great.	I felt bad the other day- I tried on a dress at the store and it looked awful, but I saw another girl trying it on as well and she looked great.	Oh I hate when that happens. I'm sorry you felt that way. Did you not buy the dress?
4	I stop taking people serious after i realize that my wife of 5 years had a baby without telling me	I stop taking people serious after i realize that my wife of 5 years had a baby without telling me	Oh my god that's crazy, I'm sorry to hear that.
8	I went through some pretty tough times. Still, I believed things would get better eventually. [SEP]  it is a good sign of positivity i guess..  [SEP] Absolutely. Things did get better as a matter of fact. 	Absolutely. Things did get better as a matter of fact. 	yes.. only thing we should do is to be patience and the rest will be okay ..
7	My friends threw a party for me when I got promoted at work. I couldn't believe it.	My friends threw a party for me when I got promoted at work. I couldn't believe it.	Wow that's awesome. Congratulations
8	I got promoted to a line cook and it couldn't have gone smoother. [SEP] Congratulations! That's a very good job. What kind of food do you prepare? [SEP] It's a Mexican restaurant but they also serve fast food type stuff there too.  It's' a very complex menu, it's a lot to prepare. [SEP] Well they must think a lot of your abilities to promote you like that. I love Mexican food, btw :) [SEP] I've had some time to observe how the folks in the kitchen cook and prep. Also there was a new manager and she allowed me to start helping more.	I've had some time to observe how the folks in the kitchen cook and prep. Also there was a new manager and she allowed me to start helping more.	I love it when managers actually pay attention. Makes the job so much easier and more pleasant. Good for you.
0	There were a lot of reasons why I needed to put my pictures of my mom away after she died but I found one this morning out of nowhere and it brought back some great memories instead of tears for once. [SEP] Im glad to hear it brought memories and not tears! Its hard losing a parent.  [SEP] It is, I don't wish this on anyone but unfortunately, most of us have to go through it!	It is, I don't wish this on anyone but unfortunately, most of us have to go through it!	yes we do i understand i lost both of my parents at 22 
2	My friend was supposed to meet me at my apartment so we could eat at Starbucks.  But she ended up wanting a full body back rub.  It was a nice change of plans.	My friend was supposed to meet me at my apartment so we could eat at Starbucks.  But she ended up wanting a full body back rub.  It was a nice change of plans.	Oh, that's...interesting. That does sound like a nice change of plans, not only because Starbucks not seem that fun anyway. Hopefully she returned the favor?
2	I have an interview for my potential job tomorrow and have been practicing in front of the mirror all day.	I have an interview for my potential job tomorrow and have been practicing in front of the mirror all day.	I hope you get the job. Just don't be nervous . It shoes.
1	My brother took SAT test lately and received 2000 as his final score. I was very surprised and was not expecting it from him at all [SEP] Oh nice.  Is he the type to tone himself down in social settings...but he's secretly a wiz kid [SEP] Generally, he is not that much an attentive person. And for him to receive such a high score is quite unusual	Generally, he is not that much an attentive person. And for him to receive such a high score is quite unusual	Well gotta watch out for him...it's the quiet unassuming ones that are usually full of surprises
8	Raising kids is hard at time, sometimes I am positive I am doing everything right to the best of my ability then other days I am sit wondering if I am being level headed about it all	Raising kids is hard at time, sometimes I am positive I am doing everything right to the best of my ability then other days I am sit wondering if I am being level headed about it all	I'm glad you're taking it seriously, parents have the ability to be the best thing that ever happened to their kids' lives, or the worst, but I'm sure you're doing your best
1	my daughet made the volleyball team	my daughet made the volleyball team	That's great!  Congrats to her!  I bet she worked hard.
7	Tomorrow I will find out how I have been doing at work. I am really nervous. [SEP] Just show them what you have accomplished this past year [SEP] I have been receiving good feedback. I still get nervous though.	I have been receiving good feedback. I still get nervous though.	Just be confident in your ability!
1	my body is great i worked hard towards it	my body is great i worked hard towards it	That is awesome, I am trying my best these days
7	I am so nervous about the certification test I have to take for my job. I am worried I won't pass it. [SEP] It must be nerve wrecking especially since it has so much impack on your job. [SEP] I studied so much but I just know the questions will be about something I forget. Oh well, guess I will just try my best.	I studied so much but I just know the questions will be about something I forget. Oh well, guess I will just try my best.	Try to stay calm and do your best. Good luck!
5	I was envious of my neighbor. He built a new deck [SEP] Aww!  Maybe it's time to start building yours! [SEP] I am thinking about it	I am thinking about it	Maybe you should start saving up some extra money so you can make yours better!!
3	I hate to bring this up because of how it makes me look. I just found out my parents have been paying my sister's mortgage. Great for her but I get nothing in my times of need.	I hate to bring this up because of how it makes me look. I just found out my parents have been paying my sister's mortgage. Great for her but I get nothing in my times of need.	I get where you're coming from, my mom supports both of my sisters. It can make you feel less important. hopefully you are getting along though?
5	i was upset when i saw someone had dented my car door [SEP] That would make me mad. Did you know who did it? [SEP] no i was at the store for a few hours so i wasnt able to catch the person	no i was at the store for a few hours so i wasnt able to catch the person	That's too bad. Maybe they could check security cameras for you.
8	I blamed my oldest son for losing my headphones but I found out later I was the one that lost them. [SEP] Was he using it or something? Why did you think it was him, and how did you find out it was you? [SEP] Because he loses everything! And I figured out it was me because I stuck them in my secret spot. [SEP] You have a secret spot for your headphones. Are they super expensive?  [SEP] I have a secret spot for stuff I don't want my kids to find and break lol [SEP] I have zero kids. I break stuff all the time.  [SEP] Ha Ha you're kind of like a kid then lol	Ha Ha you're kind of like a kid then lol	No just ridiculously careless.
1	I had excargot over the summer on a cruise [SEP] The snails? Yikes. Well, I've always thought it probably gets a worse rap than it actually should, and probably doesn't taste that bad. Half of why I think it's probably gross is simply because they made it seem gross in old cartoons. So, how did it taste? [SEP] Everyone else was trying it so I did too. It was terrible but I can now say I did it	Everyone else was trying it so I did too. It was terrible but I can now say I did it	Yeah, that's true! Especially since you were on a cruise, it sounds like it's all a part of the experience. At least you can say you didn't chicken out. I'm glad you decided to go that way, because now you have a special memory tied to that vacation;
2	I wanted money for college [SEP] What did you do to get it? [SEP] Good grades and a convincing cover letter [SEP] Well done then. When do you start? [SEP] Thank you. Fall 2019	Thank you. Fall 2019	I hope it all goes well.
3	I can't wait for the next season of Stranger Things to get released. I want to see how eleven uses her powers.	I can't wait for the next season of Stranger Things to get released. I want to see how eleven uses her powers.	Stranger things is one of my favorite shows!  It stinks that the next season has been pushed to next summer though.
6	I've not been around too many people lately.	I've not been around too many people lately.	Why not? Whats going on? 
2	My wife is pregnant with our first child. I can't wait to see this baby for the first time! [SEP] That's awesome. Congratulatios [SEP] Thank you!  I don't know yet if it will be a boy or a girl, but I really don't care either way, I'm just excited.	Thank you!  I don't know yet if it will be a boy or a girl, but I really don't care either way, I'm just excited.	Just hope for a happy healthy baby!
4	I just found out that my girlfriend has been cheating on me. God this is the worst week of my life.	I just found out that my girlfriend has been cheating on me. God this is the worst week of my life.	I feel really sorry for you. Will you be okay?
3	We were going to the lake for a weekend getaway since we haven't had some downtime in forever and then we got sick instead. [SEP] Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. Did you reschedule? [SEP] We don't have another weekend to do it so unfortunately, no.  I think we will just wait for chilly weather and try to do something else.	We don't have another weekend to do it so unfortunately, no.  I think we will just wait for chilly weather and try to do something else.	I hope you guys will still get to spend quality time together and of course, get some rest in.
6	I got mad when I lost my dog	I got mad when I lost my dog	Oh no! I would have too. Did you find him?
2	I find spiders to be extremely creepy [SEP] I find them creepy too. I am actually very scared of them. [SEP] Same here! They are just 8 legs of death. Do you know an average human eats 4 spiders every year while they sleep!	Same here! They are just 8 legs of death. Do you know an average human eats 4 spiders every year while they sleep!	Oh no thats pretty gross! I hope that is not true, because if it is that is gross.
5	I was the one who stole the camera from the studio.	I was the one who stole the camera from the studio.	Hey you should give that back
4	Unfortunately it didn't work out so well	Unfortunately it didn't work out so well	Sorry to hear that, what happened?
3	I rented Thor: Ragnarok recently and was really let down. It just wasn't what I expected. [SEP] Oh no I hope you didn't spend much on it  [SEP] I didn't, but I just was all hyped up thinking it was going to be great!	I didn't, but I just was all hyped up thinking it was going to be great!	That's such a shame! I always hate getting let down 
3	I am visiting my college kid soon!	I am visiting my college kid soon!	That's a special moment. To hopefully see your kids doing better than you and all that jazz. I'm in college but my parents live only a couple hours away, so I just visit them instead, since them coming to me wouldnt be anything too special. But congratulations to you and your kid
6	Feeling good about this application.	Feeling good about this application.	Oh yeah?  You applying to a new job?  
5	I saw my boss driving a brand new car today.  [SEP] The company must be doing well then? [SEP] I am sure they are, but it isnt being passed to the lower level workers, I wish I could afford things like that	I am sure they are, but it isnt being passed to the lower level workers, I wish I could afford things like that	Ahh I see what you are saying. Maybe yall will get bonuses.
8	At the school honor roll program my niece was given a special recognition award for being such a good helper to her teacher. I thought my heart would burst, I was really feeling it.	At the school honor roll program my niece was given a special recognition award for being such a good helper to her teacher. I thought my heart would burst, I was really feeling it.	Good Job to her! I bet you were so proud of her!
3	I am kind of mad at one of my co-workers [SEP] Oh no!  Why are you mad at them? [SEP] It is just one..He got the promotion I was after.	It is just one..He got the promotion I was after.	That stinks!  Try not to be jealous though.  Something else will come your way.
8	I rip on my friends and make mean jokes about them alot.  But that doesn't mean I hate them in fact I look out for them like they are my brothers [SEP] Its really good that you have friends like that. I'm sure they realize that you are just joking with them! [SEP] Yes we all do lol.  It's all love	Yes we all do lol.  It's all love	I wish I had such good friends like you do!
0	I hesitated before getting on the rollercoaster because it looked so scary!  [SEP] im terrified of rollercoasters [SEP] Same. But the thrill that you feel is worth the terror and tension! 	Same. But the thrill that you feel is worth the terror and tension! 	i agree, i just get on and close my eyes
4	Last year my mother took me grocery shopping for my birthday [SEP] Wow, that's... odd.  Was it for a cake? [SEP] haha no.  I'm 35 years old.  I couldn't think of anything I wanted.  So she bought my groceries.  At this age I apprecite that kind of thing.	haha no.  I'm 35 years old.  I couldn't think of anything I wanted.  So she bought my groceries.  At this age I apprecite that kind of thing.	Hahaha Sorry I just assumed you were 5 years old or something.  Yeah getting practical gifts is more appealing as one gets older.
0	I worked very hard and got a lot of raises. I am sure I can get another one [SEP] That's awesome! It's great to work hard, especially when you people show they actually appreciate what you do.  [SEP] Yes. It helps to know I did everything I could and delivered what my boss wanted.	Yes. It helps to know I did everything I could and delivered what my boss wanted.	Exactly. I feel like that's one of the best feelings. 
8	I ate at Gordan Ramsays restaurant. The food was amazing. [SEP] Wow! What did you eat and how much did you spend? [SEP] I got beef wellington, It was about 100 bucks for the meal.	I got beef wellington, It was about 100 bucks for the meal.	I am sure it was excellent and not raw!
4	I just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but I got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. Its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	I just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but I got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. Its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	Oh I'm sorry to hear that. You must be so worried.
0	I want to break up with my boyfriend [SEP] Has he done something to make you want to break up with him? [SEP] i just no he's not the one. I am scared I will break his heart	i just no he's not the one. I am scared I will break his heart	Well, if you know he's not the one, it's better to do it now than years from now.
4	I am so upset my girlfriend dumped me.	I am so upset my girlfriend dumped me.	Sorry to hear, Why did she do this to you?
4	I looked so dumb yesterday, I tripped over a rug in the lobby at my job and nearly fell on my face. [SEP] i know that feeling [SEP] I could tell they were holding back their laughter too. It was terrible.	I could tell they were holding back their laughter too. It was terrible.	Im sorry. It will happen til someone else soon enough
4	I forgot to put on my e-brake in my car the other day. [SEP] Wow! How did that work out for you? [SEP] Not well, it was pretty awful watching my 1.3 million dollar ferrari f40 roll into the lake.	Not well, it was pretty awful watching my 1.3 million dollar ferrari f40 roll into the lake.	I'm sorry to hear that. You have to be more careful.
8	What does it take to not ever have someone in one's life [SEP] Usually people want someone in their life. I guess that takes staying away from others. [SEP] I think maybe their lifestyle make them not to have space for others	I think maybe their lifestyle make them not to have space for others	Some people prefer to be alone. Whatever makes them happy I suppose.
2	Three is a good number of kids for me [SEP] How many do you have now? [SEP] Three. I think I am done lol	Three. I think I am done lol	Oh, well there you go, good choice!
7	I caught my husband chatting with another woman. [SEP] OMG I'd be so upset. Did you confront him about it? [SEP] Not yet, I'm thinking of how to do it.	Not yet, I'm thinking of how to do it.	I wish you all the luck!
7	I knew I was going to pass my math test. I studied all week	I knew I was going to pass my math test. I studied all week	Congratulations! Hard work does pay off.
8	Hi, I made a mistake at work last week [SEP] Oh no!  Was it a big one or not that big of a deal? [SEP] It was a big deal to me, but I don't think anyone noticed.	It was a big deal to me, but I don't think anyone noticed.	Oh good.  Well, at least its a big deal to you because that means you're taking things seriously and concerned about your work.  
7	The new movie theater is opening soon. [SEP] That sounds fun to go to. [SEP] I can't wait to go there!	I can't wait to go there!	I love going to the movies and getting food!
5	My pizza got delivered and it's cold. [SEP] that sucks!! you should have been really annoyed with the delivery boy! [SEP] I am.  It makes me so upset!	I am.  It makes me so upset!	Yeah!! you should refused to take the pizza and returned it
6	I saw my boss driving a brand new car today. 	I saw my boss driving a brand new car today. 	The company must be doing well then?
5	I have big fear of dogs. I can't explain why [SEP] Did you get attacked by a big dog when you were little? [SEP] No but my brother was attacked when he was little.	No but my brother was attacked when he was little.	Maybe it was because you saw your brother get attacked by one and you are scared it might happen to you.
3	I studied so hard for that test and it didnt matter. [SEP] Did you not get a good grade on it? [SEP] I got a 50% which isn't good enough to me.	I got a 50% which isn't good enough to me.	Well it could be worse. You'll do better next time I'm sure of it.
2	I so excited for this weekend. I'm really optomistic that it's going to be a relaxing break from work! [SEP] That's awesome. Will you be relaxing at home or elsewhere? [SEP] I'm going camping for the weekend. It's going to be great!	I'm going camping for the weekend. It's going to be great!	I love camping. Hopefully, you won't meet too many mosquitos!
4	I am afraid to send my 3 year old to daycare. [SEP] Why? Is there something wrong with the daycare? [SEP] He doesn't talk yet and I am just afraid he will be mistreated.	He doesn't talk yet and I am just afraid he will be mistreated.	I'm sorry, I think you are making the right choice.
5	Yesterday I came home to find that, my father got me a Mercedes! [SEP] Wow! That's amazing! I'd love it if my parents got me gifts like that!! [SEP] Yes I was surprised, I did not even expect it! 	Yes I was surprised, I did not even expect it! 	I could imagine. Maybe I should drop some more hints.
6	I am looking forward to having everyone home next week [SEP] Who is everyone? [SEP] my grand children	my grand children	How many grandchildren do you have?
0	I had to euthanize my dog of 11 years last month, I still think about him every day.	I had to euthanize my dog of 11 years last month, I still think about him every day.	I'm sorry to hear that, I have two dogs and know how they become part of the family.
2	My ex and I broke up but it was nice and clean. [SEP] That is great when that can happen but it doesn't always if one or both love a lot! I hope you remain friends. [SEP] We are now. I hope it lasts.	We are now. I hope it lasts.	I hope so too!
5	I was at a retail store and was ignored by the cashier who was checking me out.	I was at a retail store and was ignored by the cashier who was checking me out.	That's always rough, maybe she didn't hear you?
8	I made a great pizza this week [SEP] Good job! you must be so proud of yourself. [SEP] Absolutely, I think I'll go into business now	Absolutely, I think I'll go into business now	Hey, if you're passionate about it, then go for it!
7	I am so proud of myself for winning a medal at the track meet we had last year. 	I am so proud of myself for winning a medal at the track meet we had last year. 	Congratulations. I never payed any sports.
6	I was just in the grocery store and I saw all these foods that I used to eat when I was a kid,	I was just in the grocery store and I saw all these foods that I used to eat when I was a kid,	Thats so sweet.. felt nostalgic huh?
8	"Last weekend, I slipped on some wet grass and slid, hand first, into a pile of dog poop. In front of everyone at a BBQ. [SEP] Oh no! How gross! That must have been so embarrassing! Were you able to clean yourself up? [SEP] It was so awful and disgusting.  I actually just left because I was so grossed out that I wanted to go home and take a shower.	It was so awful and disgusting.  I actually just left because I was so grossed out that I wanted to go home and take a shower.	I can imagine. I would have lost my appetite for sure. That is a crazy story! 
8	I was shocked to see that I passed my history class with so little effort and studying [SEP] You must be really good with reading comprehension and remembering facts. Congratulations. [SEP] I wouldnt say as much as the fact that ive had american history like 4 times before because of highschool and middle school	I wouldnt say as much as the fact that ive had american history like 4 times before because of highschool and middle school	So you've retained all of that info and recalled it from memory during the test. I was never a good history student.
4	I lied to my friend about hanging out with someone she really hates, I feel bad about it. [SEP] Did you do anything wrong? [SEP] No, but this person spread a nasty rumour about my friend.	No, but this person spread a nasty rumour about my friend.	Oh.. thats horrible.  I am so sorry.
1	I tried a new taco place in town yesterday and I really liked it! [SEP] I love tacos! Do they serve other mexican food? [SEP] Yeah they also have burritos, tamales, and lots of other yummy stuff.	Yeah they also have burritos, tamales, and lots of other yummy stuff.	Sounds delish! I really like Moes southwest grill. If you get the chance you should try it.
5	I wish I was born wealthy. I have to give up spending time with my family to get more hours at work in. [SEP] I'm sorry, that's life for most of us, though. [SEP] Yes, it definitely is. Gotta work with what ya got.	Yes, it definitely is. Gotta work with what ya got.	Maybe you'll hit the lottery one day!
1	My girlfriend has been saving up money for years. Last month she finally bought the fanciest car of her dreams with all of that money.	My girlfriend has been saving up money for years. Last month she finally bought the fanciest car of her dreams with all of that money.	Cool! I'd love to be patient like that
8	oh god ugh, I am so revolted right now [SEP] Oh shoot, why is that? [SEP] I go into the bathroom tonight and find my girlfriend plucking out her nose hairs into the sink	I go into the bathroom tonight and find my girlfriend plucking out her nose hairs into the sink	That may be gross, but she is just putting effort into her appearnce.
5	When I was eight my parents got me a dog for Christmas. [SEP] A dog is an awesome gift for a little kid.  I bet you were super excited. [SEP] To this day I remember it as the best Christmas of my life.	To this day I remember it as the best Christmas of my life.	I bet!  Maybe I should get my kids a dog for Christmas, I know it would be a great choice for them.
2	I never win anything but took a chance on buying a few lottery tickets the and I won $50,000! [SEP] Wow, that must have made you feel so good about yourself. [SEP] Considering I never win, it made it even more awesome, yes!	Considering I never win, it made it even more awesome, yes!	It's such a great joy to win something. I hope your luck continues.
2	My friend recommended me for a job at his company. I am so happy he thought of me. [SEP] How nice of him!! you should be thankful to him!! [SEP] Trust me. If I get this job I will be getting him a thank you gift.	Trust me. If I get this job I will be getting him a thank you gift.	now how nice of you!! thats what  are friends for. I Hope you will get a job and your friend will get a gift!!
3	I'm still kinda bummed about this, but like a month or more back I was really into this girl from Tinder and we started dating too. Unfortunately, after like 4 or 5 days, she said she wanted to stop dating and hasn't spoken to me since. [SEP] Oh no, that really sucks. That's awful that she wanted to end things, especially since you were really into her. I am sorry. [SEP] It's fine, I'm feeling a lot better about it. The thing that irks me is that she went from super happy about dating to literally ending it and ghosting me in so little time. Makes me think it was all fake, but I can't think why she would do it.	It's fine, I'm feeling a lot better about it. The thing that irks me is that she went from super happy about dating to literally ending it and ghosting me in so little time. Makes me think it was all fake, but I can't think why she would do it.	That's really odd, and unfortunate. Thankfully there are many more girls that would match you better :) Don't lose hope!
6	my son graduated high school today [SEP] How exciting! What is he planning on doing next? [SEP] he got a scholarship to play football	he got a scholarship to play football	That's impressive, is he hoping to play professionally?
6	So i did some stupid things when i was younger. But i feel bad about one of them to this day.	So i did some stupid things when i was younger. But i feel bad about one of them to this day.	Oh no, what did you do?
3	I was singing to some old school Britney Spears. Didn't know my coworkers were still around. [SEP] Lol. That's funny. Better hope you dont end up on YouTube. [SEP] They pretended not to notice, but we all know what's up.	They pretended not to notice, but we all know what's up.	You will be the talk of the break room.
3	I just discovered that my girlfriend had been sleeping with my best friend [SEP] That's terrible!  How did you find out? [SEP] My friend confessed which, I give kudos for, but he knows what he did. It doesn't make it ok	My friend confessed which, I give kudos for, but he knows what he did. It doesn't make it ok	It's hard to find forgiveness for something like that.  Still it's better that he confessed than you having to find out otherwise.  If only a little better/
5	My family went on a cruise without me. I couldnt get the time off work. :/  [SEP] Are you sad and all alone now? [SEP] Yeah I am and it sucks. 	Yeah I am and it sucks. 	Maybe you can find a new friend!
3	i got cheated and broken up with last night I can't believe it. I'm so angry. [SEP] I'm so sorry, you must feel terrible. It's their loss in the long run. [SEP] thanks but i am so full of rage. My pride has been hurt	thanks but i am so full of rage. My pride has been hurt	I can imagine you're very angry. You'll find someone better.
5	I'm pretty worked up right now, my wife went out to dinner with her friends and didn't bring me anything home! [SEP] I would be mad! Did she say why she didn't bring you anything? [SEP] She must be mad about something, she always at least asks if I want anything!	She must be mad about something, she always at least asks if I want anything!	Maybe you could talk to her after you calm down a bit.  I'm sure there is a reason.
5	I'm trying my grandma recip for the fist time today. [SEP] What is the dish? [SEP] It's dressing. I feel like I'm going to fail already/	It's dressing. I feel like I'm going to fail already/	Maybe she can help you and guide you step by step
8	I am having my first baby; a boy. I hear all these different labor stories that aren't exactly reassuring!  [SEP] Congratulations! If it helps at all, my wife and I have two young boys and both of her deliveries with very smooth! She said it wasn't as bad as she expected. [SEP] Aw, that's so neat. I would love two boys!  I am having a boy!  Oh good, that's another good story for me to hold onto.  I'm not expecting it to be amazing or anything but wow, so many people say they almost died and things. 	Aw, that's so neat. I would love two boys!  I am having a boy!  Oh good, that's another good story for me to hold onto.  I'm not expecting it to be amazing or anything but wow, so many people say they almost died and things. 	I think those types of situations are rather rare! The medical field has come a very long way. I'm sure you'll be fine and it'll all be worth it in the end.
8	I remember when I was a child and I was told that I would need glasses in order to be able to see the whiteboard in the classroom and do good in school. I was so upset because I felt that the glasses made me look ugly. I was so upset. However, my classmates really made me feel better about it.	I remember when I was a child and I was told that I would need glasses in order to be able to see the whiteboard in the classroom and do good in school. I was so upset because I felt that the glasses made me look ugly. I was so upset. However, my classmates really made me feel better about it.	Yeah, glasses suck but, so does not being able to see. Good that your class mates are nice people.
6	I really miss my dad.  [SEP] Has he passed or does he just live far away? [SEP] he has passed away, and i just feel alone 	he has passed away, and i just feel alone 	I can only imagine.  Are you close with your mother?
5	Someone lit a bag of poop on fire on my neighbors sidewalk last halloween.  The smell of it is something I won't soon forget. [SEP] lol hey at least it was your neighbors sidewalk and not yours [SEP] I know.  I didn't even know that was something people really did, I thought it was just in the movies...Gross!	I know.  I didn't even know that was something people really did, I thought it was just in the movies...Gross!	Maybe you should find out who did it and go throw toilet paper all over their yard!!
6	I can't believe my 25th anniversary high school reunion is around the corner. [SEP] Oh wow. Do you think you are going to go? [SEP] Yes. With all the family graduations this year it has really gotten me all sentimental about mine.	Yes. With all the family graduations this year it has really gotten me all sentimental about mine.	That's pretty neat. Where is it at?
7	I received an excellent grade on an exam I studied really hard on	I received an excellent grade on an exam I studied really hard on	Congratulations! That is always a great feeling! A reward after such hard work. :)
2	I know that I will make the NHL next season.	I know that I will make the NHL next season.	Wow, you sound really confident of that! I hope you have a backup plan in case you don't, but you must be really good at hockey.
6	My daughter had the sweetest little hamster.	My daughter had the sweetest little hamster.	Aww, I love hamsters! What kind of a hamster was it?
3	I am starting a job next week in a new school as a teacher and I have to give a speech in front of the entire school. Pubic speaking in front of that many people isn't my favorite thing.	I am starting a job next week in a new school as a teacher and I have to give a speech in front of the entire school. Pubic speaking in front of that many people isn't my favorite thing.	I have heard that if you look at one person in the audience and focus on them in their underwear you will relax
8	I used to steal money from my dad's wallet as a kid. I feel bad about that today. [SEP] How old were you? [SEP] I was 11 years old. It was suck a terrible thing to do. [SEP] Nah, most kids that age are just trying to buy candy. it's much worse when you know fullly what stealing implicates. [SEP] I guess. Thanks for making me feel a little better about it.	I guess. Thanks for making me feel a little better about it.	You should, dont worry about it :0
8	I work as a self-employed transcriptionist. I told my client I'd have work done this week, but my university classes also started this week... and things kind of got away from me, and they won't be done. I'm worried he's going to just tell me he'll have someone else do them, and I'll lose his business. [SEP] Yeah well you only have so much time to work with. Time management is one of the most important skills you can learn. [SEP] Yeah, definitely. And it's one of my worst skills. I don't really have an excuse. I have to get better at handling stress.	Yeah, definitely. And it's one of my worst skills. I don't really have an excuse. I have to get better at handling stress.	The most important thing is to realize you need improvement. Some people like to blame everything else but themself!
1	My wife gave birth to a fine baby [SEP] thats awesome,a boy or girl? [SEP] a boy	a boy	Great! I have 3 boys.  3 2 and 6 months haha
5	My stepmother just died. I am very sad [SEP] I'm so sorry to hear that.  Death is not an easy thing to cope with. [SEP] No its not she was only in her 50s life is short 	No its not she was only in her 50s life is short 	It's a difficult way to realize you should live every day to the fullest potential.
3	I lost my favorite shoe today! [SEP] Oh no! How did that happen?  [SEP] I don't know. But now I am upset because I wasn't able to make it to my favorite gym!	I don't know. But now I am upset because I wasn't able to make it to my favorite gym!	Gee, I hope you can find it. Maybe retract where you have been recently and you will find it!
0	i finally felt comfie taking my shirt off at the beach, i lost my beergut [SEP] That is great.  Well done! [SEP] it was hard work	it was hard work	I know that for sure.  I am working that myself.
3	I'm supposed to hear in the next day or two whether I've gotten my dream job! I can't wait to find out!	I'm supposed to hear in the next day or two whether I've gotten my dream job! I can't wait to find out!	That is great. I hope you get it. What is the job title?
5	I lost my best friend last year when he moved to Chicago because he got accepted into a master's program, and he made me feel like our friendship meant nothing since he was going on to do bigger and better things.  [SEP] That can be pretty hard to swallow, do you stay in touch? It's easier these days with the likes of social media. How do you fill that void? [SEP] We don't really stay in touch anymore. He and his fiance invited me to their wedding, though. He's not a social media person, and I'm not either, so we've basically lost touch. I haven't filled the void, unfortunately, but I feel okay about it now. 	We don't really stay in touch anymore. He and his fiance invited me to their wedding, though. He's not a social media person, and I'm not either, so we've basically lost touch. I haven't filled the void, unfortunately, but I feel okay about it now. 	That's such a shame, we grieve any kind of loss, I suppose. Perhaps the wedding would bring you closer together?
3	I have such a great family [SEP] That's good to hear, one of the best advantages you can have in life [SEP] No doubt, it makes life so much easier	No doubt, it makes life so much easier	And they're all you got in the end!
7	I got married very young at 18. This year we celebrated our 12 year anniversary.	I got married very young at 18. This year we celebrated our 12 year anniversary.	Wow. That is very interesting. These days, many people get married later in life. Congratulations!
5	I didn't get the promotion at work, I cant believe Becky got it over me... I'm really upset about it. [SEP] Gee, that is too bad. I wonder why Becky got it and you didn't? [SEP] I don't know, It just seems like she always gets everything. ugh ! Sometimes I wish I could be as lucky as her.	I don't know, It just seems like she always gets everything. ugh ! Sometimes I wish I could be as lucky as her.	Yeah, that's no fun. Maybe you'll get offered the next promotion that is available? 
1	My mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up at work! I told her I was proud of her. [SEP] That's awesome. I bet she is so excited. [SEP] She is. She's not very tech-savvy so I was shocked she figured it out! 	She is. She's not very tech-savvy so I was shocked she figured it out! 	I can see where you would be shocked. I'm happy for her. 
3	i saw a kid crying by himself in the store today [SEP] where were his parents? [SEP] he had walked away from them went to the candy section	he had walked away from them went to the candy section	ah that stinks
2	Sometime, I have problem respecting my sleep schedule. So I wake up tired.	Sometime, I have problem respecting my sleep schedule. So I wake up tired.	It's hard to change habits sometimes.
1	i have lot of hope on my parents i just left my boy friend because of my mother	i have lot of hope on my parents i just left my boy friend because of my mother	It must have been a very hard decision for you.
5	I saw the new Jurassic Park movie the other day. It was such a let down for me. [SEP] i remember being a kid when the first one came out [SEP] Same here!  It is one of my favorite movies!  For some reason, the new one just falls flat for me.  I expected so much more.	Same here!  It is one of my favorite movies!  For some reason, the new one just falls flat for me.  I expected so much more.	i think the franchise has just started trying too hard.
6	Someone hit my car in the parking lot at the mall.	Someone hit my car in the parking lot at the mall.	Oh god! I would be SO TICKED! Do they have cameras?
3	I ate way too much today. I feel like I let myself down.	I ate way too much today. I feel like I let myself down.	I hate that feeling. Hopefully you will feel better about it tomorrow.
6	i loved taking care of my sisters pet [SEP] What kind of pet is it? [SEP] a bearded dragon	a bearded dragon	No way! They scare me :( Is it easy?
2	My husband says he stopped drinking but I'm reluctant to believe him [SEP] That's kind of sad.  What makes you reluctant? [SEP] He's said it before and nothing's changed. I don't want to get my hopes up.	He's said it before and nothing's changed. I don't want to get my hopes up.	Well I'm sure the odds are against him, but I hope he succeeds this time.
1	I had to have a scheduled c-section with my 2nd child.  But it didn't exactly go as planned. [SEP] Oh no! I hope it at least turned out ok [SEP] It did, she will be 16 in a month.  But about a week before it was scheduled, I went in for a checkup and my blood pressure was up a bit.  They didn't want to wait and decided to do it right then!	It did, she will be 16 in a month.  But about a week before it was scheduled, I went in for a checkup and my blood pressure was up a bit.  They didn't want to wait and decided to do it right then!	Oh I bet that was a load of anxiety! I can't imagine going through that
0	I've been struggling all day. I had some carryout over the weekend and it's hitting me in the worse way. Very ill. [SEP] I am so sorry to hear that. Are you feeling nauseated?  [SEP] I was feeling worse earlier, with a lot of food poisoning like symptoms. I'm just now getting over the nausea. Sorry to gross you out. [SEP] You're not grossing me out at all. I'm a Paramedic/Firefighter so it takes alot to get me squirming. I hope you feel better. Drink lots of Gatorade and water to rehydrate so you don't feel awful tomorrow and try to get your hands on some Zofran for the Nausea.  [SEP] Wow I didn't think of zofran. Thanks for the advice!	Wow I didn't think of zofran. Thanks for the advice!	Absolutely! Feel better soon!
4	I just found out the small company I work for is going out of business. I cried all day Friday when I found out because I love working for them	I just found out the small company I work for is going out of business. I cried all day Friday when I found out because I love working for them	I am so sorry to hear this. I am sure you will find another job, but it doesn't make it any less painful.
7	It was a nice day. I just sat on the patio and relaxed [SEP] thats always nice to have time to sit and relax [SEP] It was really needed	It was really needed	good for you.
0	This sounds weird, but I'm excited because I'll have some free time tomorrow to do some deep cleaning on my apartment. It's been messy since I've been gone most of the summer. I want to get it clean before school starts so I can enjoy it being fresh during the semester	This sounds weird, but I'm excited because I'll have some free time tomorrow to do some deep cleaning on my apartment. It's been messy since I've been gone most of the summer. I want to get it clean before school starts so I can enjoy it being fresh during the semester	Nothing like a deep clean to breathe new life into your home! Its a great idea to get it out of the way now so it won't me on your mind once things start to get busy. 
0	I got 2 working arms and legs. I am so thankful for that. [SEP] That is good to hear. Disabilities are never easy for people. [SEP] I agree. I am so thankful.	I agree. I am so thankful.	Nothing upsets me more than people getting handicapped plates and not being handicapped.
7	This is going to make me sound like a chicken, but I've got a neighbor whos twice my size and a little bit of a rage case. His fence is falling over into my yard. [SEP] Uh oh. Dealing with bad neighbors is just the worst! Do you think he'd be mad if you asked him to fix the fence? [SEP] I've been going back and forth in my head all day getting ready for this. I'm ready to be firm on it that's for sure. And yes, he will be livid that I'm even looking at him!	I've been going back and forth in my head all day getting ready for this. I'm ready to be firm on it that's for sure. And yes, he will be livid that I'm even looking at him!	I wish you luck and hope everything ends up going well. 
7	I feel very proud to be able to make that importante change at work and I think that my boss will do something for me. Maybe it will be a raise in my salary. 	I feel very proud to be able to make that importante change at work and I think that my boss will do something for me. Maybe it will be a raise in my salary. 	It always feels exciting to do something big at work. It always feels good to feel like you are making progress in your career. 
8	My one year old just learned how to take off her diaper and she smeared poop all over my leg the other day.	My one year old just learned how to take off her diaper and she smeared poop all over my leg the other day.	Oh my god, I bet you were grossed out but laughing at the same time.
3	I was going to make breakfast and dropped the egg carton on accident... all the eggs broke. [SEP] Oh no! I am sorry to hear that.  [SEP] I had to settle for bacon and toast only. 	I had to settle for bacon and toast only. 	Oh dear. Well next time you are at the store, get two cartons!
6	My false tooth came out while I was on a date with a guy I'd liked for months! It was horrible.	My false tooth came out while I was on a date with a guy I'd liked for months! It was horrible.	Did he notice? That would have been embarrassing.
3	I have my first acupuncture appointment tomorrow and do not know what to expect.  The idea of someone stabbing me with needles for an hour seems stressful [SEP] hm is there a reason you are going? have you been experiencing chronic pain? [SEP] I have been having back and neck pain and my doctor referred me to try it out	I have been having back and neck pain and my doctor referred me to try it out	That sucks. I hope it helps!
2	I have 4 daughters [SEP] That is nice, do you enjoy them, do you enjoy being a parent? [SEP] Its a lot of females for one house, but I just found out I'm having a boy!	Its a lot of females for one house, but I just found out I'm having a boy!	Yes! you will be happy with a boy, you can teach him to be a man.
7	i am gunna be so bummed if the braves dont make a run this year! [SEP] Who are the braves? [SEP] a pro baseball team in Atlanta!	a pro baseball team in Atlanta!	Ah great. Good luck. Are they good?
3	The way political discourse is unfolding in our country makes me feel embarrassed. No professionalism or courtesy, and only insults toward each other [SEP] I know! It really is ridiculous and way out of hand. [SEP] The good old ways of respecting each other's opinion is locked behind the door and I am not sure if we can overcome it	The good old ways of respecting each other's opinion is locked behind the door and I am not sure if we can overcome it	It does seem to be getting worse and it doesn't appear like it will get better.
4	I was really broken up when we had to put our family dog to sleep [SEP] Oh no. Thats sad. What was wrong? [SEP] She was really old and getting really ucomfortable	She was really old and getting really ucomfortable	Im sorry. That must have been hard,
4	i wish he could make it, i was just there alone with no one to enjoy the basketball game with [SEP] who are we talking about? [SEP] it was me , went to a game alone . got tix for my friend but he could not make it	it was me , went to a game alone . got tix for my friend but he could not make it	Oh, I am sorry to hear that!
3	My cat vomited on my shoes today [SEP] Is your cat ill? or do cat always do that? [SEP] no he just ate too much	no he just ate too much	So he is okay now> you can get more shoes
8	I found a biggest spider in my shower this morning. I never knew I could shriek like that.. [SEP] Did you jump out or did you brave the war and kill it!? [SEP] I killed it but it took a lot of courage and hesitation haha	I killed it but it took a lot of courage and hesitation haha	Im sure!!! I had a gecko come in my house today and it was adorable yet i was still super scared to touch it. 
5	I've had a stressful time lately. I'm trying to get to a more peaceful place, but it sure is hard.	I've had a stressful time lately. I'm trying to get to a more peaceful place, but it sure is hard.	You should take a vacation! That always helps me clear my mind.
7	I am starting a scary type of new job today. [SEP] Exciting, is it hazardous scary or more excited scary? [SEP] Yes, it is hazardous because of chemicals. And also my friend told me that the people working there are not fun and also not very nice. [SEP] Well, go in with an open mind and maybe your experience will be different. And be sure you pay attention to the safety requirement! [SEP] Thank you!	Thank you!	Chemicals mean serious business, but you landed the job. Good luck with doing well.
3	I am having a hard time with someone who keeps repeating the same mistakes. [SEP] What are they repeating? [SEP] Bad behaviors and attitudes. It's hard to see they keep going back to the same path.	Bad behaviors and attitudes. It's hard to see they keep going back to the same path.	I hope you can provide them with some help.
4	I've been a bit worried lately. [SEP] about what? [SEP] Money's been hard to come by for me lately.	Money's been hard to come by for me lately.	I'm sorry to hear that, I hope your luck changes up soon!
6	I was driving through flood waters and my car stalled out.	I was driving through flood waters and my car stalled out.	Holy cow. I hate when that happens. It happens a lot here since I live near the ocean. How did it end up?
3	The neighbor's dogs next door won't stop barking and let me sleep! [SEP] That is awful!  I can deal with dogs barking during the day but at night is no good. [SEP] Yeah, they bark during the day too but I'm usually not home. I think I'm gonna talk to them today when I get home.	Yeah, they bark during the day too but I'm usually not home. I think I'm gonna talk to them today when I get home.	I really hope they listen and can make some changes!
6	 I used to be afraid of the dark but now I am not so much, I had a nightlight for a long time [SEP] Why aren't you anymore?  [SEP] I guess I just grew up, realized there are no monsters	I guess I just grew up, realized there are no monsters	What were you most afraid of at night?
5	My favorite restaurant closed down. I'd go so often after work	My favorite restaurant closed down. I'd go so often after work	I'm sorry to hear that. Maybe you can find a similar place around you!
5	I haven't been feeling well and my husband has been so great. He takes care of the kids, goes grocery shopping, and makes sure I'm resting.  [SEP] It's nice to have someone that is helpful around the house.  Does he work, too? [SEP] Sometimes.  Unfortunately not as often as I would hope but you can't have everything.  He's still a good man.  I don't blame him since he has cognitive problems.  I love him anyway!	Sometimes.  Unfortunately not as often as I would hope but you can't have everything.  He's still a good man.  I don't blame him since he has cognitive problems.  I love him anyway!	Well that is too bad.  Maybe there is some way you can motivate him to work harder.
3	Someone wrecked my car the other day. I'm so mad. [SEP] Oh that's awful! Will insurance cover it? [SEP] Yes but I have whip lash.	Yes but I have whip lash.	That's terrible. I hope you can get some compensation and feel better.
2	I think I did very good at my interview. I hope they call me back! [SEP] Good luck. That's always nerve racking waiting for them to call. I'm sure you did well though. [SEP] I have a really good feeling about this place though :)	I have a really good feeling about this place though :)	That is really exciting. I bet since you have a good feeling, they will call back.
4	I feel kind of alone now. I dont hang out with friends much	I feel kind of alone now. I dont hang out with friends much	I am sorry you are feeling lonely.   Why don't you see your friends much anymore, are you all to busy>
0	I have my driver's license test tomorrow. Been practicing all week for it. [SEP] Awesome.  Are you nervous? [SEP] Nope! I've been practicing so much that I am sure to crush it.	Nope! I've been practicing so much that I am sure to crush it.	You definitely will
0	My friend showed me a text this guy sent her that shes been talking to. They were talking about where they live in comparison to eachother. The text said "Yeah, and your fat" and I thought wow how rude! But after that he corrected the auto correct saying he meant to say "Yeah, and your far. He must have felt so bad lol	My friend showed me a text this guy sent her that shes been talking to. They were talking about where they live in comparison to eachother. The text said "Yeah, and your fat" and I thought wow how rude! But after that he corrected the auto correct saying he meant to say "Yeah, and your far. He must have felt so bad lol	Omg I was about to say that is so mean and rude and I would be so embarrassed but I know it was a honest mistake I dislike the auto correct. 
5	Yesterday I came home to find that, my father got me a Mercedes! [SEP] Wow! That's amazing! I'd love it if my parents got me gifts like that!! [SEP] Yes I was surprised, I did not even expect it! 	Yes I was surprised, I did not even expect it! 	I could imagine. Maybe I should drop some more hints.
3	i was crushed when i couldnt get out of work on time [SEP] Nothing feels worse than losing time to work when you should be free. [SEP] yea, it sucks.	yea, it sucks.	Hopefully they at least paid you overtime.
8	i got madden today, i cant wait to play [SEP] Oh cool, for what console? [SEP] ps4, do you play?	ps4, do you play?	Yes, but for Xbox one.
2	This lady at my work is so sweet, and no one there seems to like her. I feel so bad for her.	This lady at my work is so sweet, and no one there seems to like her. I feel so bad for her.	Oh, bless her heart. I hope you are nice to her.
5	My lawn is getting overgrown and I don't know if I can afford a new mower.  [SEP] Try your local pawn shop for a cheap one you don't want a messy looking yard. [SEP] The pawn shops here are OUTRAGEOUS..They cost just as much as a new one. I had one..that was stolen and my other one is VERY hard to start it's broken. Debating on getting a part or saving a little more for a new one	The pawn shops here are OUTRAGEOUS..They cost just as much as a new one. I had one..that was stolen and my other one is VERY hard to start it's broken. Debating on getting a part or saving a little more for a new one	That is crazy maybe you should check offer up and that is crazy I dislike when people steal what is yours especially something you really need. 
1	I am so tired of tell my daughter the same thing over and over. [SEP] Yeah I know how that feels. I think it is part of growing up. [SEP] I don't know why she won't keep her room clean	I don't know why she won't keep her room clean	Kids have aversions to clean rooms. She is not the only one who does that.
7	I don't watch scary shows, but I have been watching the new stephen king show on hulu. [SEP] Yes, I watch the show. That is a bit scary though but not that much. [SEP] The first episode was fine but I don't thik I will go past episode three. Im terrified. [SEP] Ohh come on its not that scary, you should watch whole season. [SEP] You don't know me lol	You don't know me lol	Haha, Ok as you wish then
5	My sister actually paid my back on time last week [SEP] Well, that's good. Did she borrow money from you? [SEP] she always does and never pays it back on time. But this time she did [SEP] Perhaps she's turned over a new leaf. It's very good of you to lend her money, even if she is your sister. [SEP] I hope so	I hope so	It's surprising how people suddenly wake up and realize that perhaps they haven't been acting as perhaps they should have.
2	I got off work at 10am today! Time to head to the beach. [SEP] AHHHHHHHHHH!  That is amazing.  I am so jealous of you.  Where are you going? [SEP] Crystal beach! [SEP] Where is that? [SEP] Near galveston,tx.	Near galveston,tx.	Have fun!  I'm sure you will.
3	Hey, how's it going? Isn't it tough meeting new people these days? [SEP] Absolutely. It doesn't help that I'm pretty introverted. [SEP] Same here. It also sucks when people let you down. I once let this guy crash on my couch because he had lost his apartment, and it didn't end up good at all.	Same here. It also sucks when people let you down. I once let this guy crash on my couch because he had lost his apartment, and it didn't end up good at all.	I hate when you help someone out and they take advantage of you. I could never do that to someone.
8	Lately, I got the best grades in my class at university. I am so happy [SEP] Good job! A good education is great for your future. [SEP] I hope so even if it is not always true.	I hope so even if it is not always true.	It is very much worth it in the long run.
4	My grandmother died when I was 10 and I was devastated.	My grandmother died when I was 10 and I was devastated.	I am very sorry for your loss.
4	This maniac cut me off on my way to the doctor yesterday. I had to swerve around them and I wrecked into the ditch.	This maniac cut me off on my way to the doctor yesterday. I had to swerve around them and I wrecked into the ditch.	Oh dear. I am so sorry that happened to you. Were you hurt?
0	I get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, I am lucky to have them for sure [SEP] Nothing wrong with being emotional. It's healthy. I get a bit emotional about that stuff too. Family and friends are extremely important. [SEP] I guess not, most people do not have that view though	I guess not, most people do not have that view though	If they don't, that's their loss. My family are so important to me - I love them dearly. The same goes for my close friends. Don't listen to other people - they're the ones missing out!
4	I recently discovered that a coworker's decision have led to me having a big increase in my workload - it was super disappointing!	I recently discovered that a coworker's decision have led to me having a big increase in my workload - it was super disappointing!	I am very sorry! That is very frustrating! Can you speak with a supervisor about the situation?
3	I took money from my daughter's piggy bank. [SEP] I am sure you had a really good reason right? [SEP] I needed money for alcohol.  I feel so ashamed for doing it.	I needed money for alcohol.  I feel so ashamed for doing it.	Oh wow, I hope you get some help soon.
2	My little boy has come far with his speech and I am so proud of him. [SEP] Awww good for him!  [SEP] He's been getting speech therapy since he was 1.	He's been getting speech therapy since he was 1.	I'm glad he's getting better with his speech and I hope he continues to improve!
4	A few weeks ago a lady at my job got a promotion i thought i was going to get.	A few weeks ago a lady at my job got a promotion i thought i was going to get.	Oh no! I am so sorry. That is really tough.  
2	I found a new restaurant, and they charge about $5 per dish. [SEP] Nice! What kind of food do they serve? [SEP] They serve authentic mexican food. 	They serve authentic mexican food. 	That sounds incredibly tasty. I think I will have to go there.
4	My husband is out of town for work. This sucks	My husband is out of town for work. This sucks	Sorry to hear that. Must feel quite lonely for you.
5	I was pretty disappointed when I found out I was passed over for a job [SEP] OH that sucks. [SEP] I know. I really thought it was in the bag. 	I know. I really thought it was in the bag. 	Do you think the other person deserved it at all.
7	Hi! This week has been the greatest, my sister just had her first baby! [SEP] awww. boy or girl [SEP] It's a little boy! She was hoping for a girl, but you know how that goes.	It's a little boy! She was hoping for a girl, but you know how that goes.	Well a happy healthy baby is the best kind
4	My birthday was last weekend, and no one wished me a Happy Birthday.	My birthday was last weekend, and no one wished me a Happy Birthday.	I'm so sorry to hear that. How sad for you.
6	I just found my co-worker has been passing my work off as his own.	I just found my co-worker has been passing my work off as his own.	Oh, no. What are you going to do?
4	I just found out my cat is very sick and there's nothing we can do to save him. I've had him for 17 years, I don't know what to do with myself. [SEP] That is so sad.. im sorry! ugh... i hope you can find peace.  [SEP] I hope so too, I'm going to miss Pants so much.	I hope so too, I'm going to miss Pants so much.	what a cute name... i am sure you will.. again im sorry! 
8	"I could be sleeping tonight but got back up because I have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out [SEP] Really? I use fans as well! Most cities have a noise law for after 10..You can call and see? Poor dogs shouldn't be out late anyway [SEP] I looked into it and yes, there is a noise ordinance.  My neighbors don't seem to care about it unfortunately.  I will have to speak to them again.  I know...they are neglected.	I looked into it and yes, there is a noise ordinance.  My neighbors don't seem to care about it unfortunately.  I will have to speak to them again.  I know...they are neglected.	If they are neglected then there are chained dogs org that will help in many cities..Also if need be- Animal control..if not abusive..can help.
5	I was ready to fly to Japan this morning, and when I arrived the airline had given away my seat to someone else! [SEP] What?! I would have been livid! Did they compensate you? [SEP] Yes I was livid! I was only 10 minutes late. They offered me the next flight, which is not until tomorrow afternoon. I get a hotel and free meals.	Yes I was livid! I was only 10 minutes late. They offered me the next flight, which is not until tomorrow afternoon. I get a hotel and free meals.	ohhhhh maybe turn it into a little vacation
4	I'm so tired. I was awake for hours last night.	I'm so tired. I was awake for hours last night.	Oh, sorry to hear that. I was under a lot of stress. What happened to you?
8	A man has to be hardworking in order not to be angry [SEP] Cox a poor man is automatically an Angry man [SEP] Exactly,thats why its good to work	Exactly,thats why its good to work	For sure...  I love working for my money
1	The entire last month I was getting ready for a trip around the world. Takes a lot of planning!	The entire last month I was getting ready for a trip around the world. Takes a lot of planning!	That does sound fun though
3	I hate to be tired and see a store crowded with customers and only one or two checkouts open. [SEP] Yeah it's really frustrating when they won't have more eople on.  [SEP] Especially when it's a time of day that they know will be crowded and busy.	Especially when it's a time of day that they know will be crowded and busy.	Exactly. Hopefully more places will get self-checkout so we can get through the line faster. 
3	I am getting really nervous about my upcoming trip. I am going away for six months. [SEP] oh wow thats quite a while [SEP] It is. I feel like I am not well prepared though. I am just ready to leave.	It is. I feel like I am not well prepared though. I am just ready to leave.	oh dang ive never really been in that situation before
5	I had this girlfriend only a few months ago and she was always so honest and kind, it really made me trust her and care about her. Things didn't work out but that's okay. [SEP] I'm so sorry to hear that. At least you enjoyed your time with her in the moment? [SEP] Yeah it was a lot of fun, I'm glad it happened even though it made me sad.	Yeah it was a lot of fun, I'm glad it happened even though it made me sad.	Well, hey. At least there's plenty more fish in the sea. Maybe the next one will be the one.
0	I have been preparing for a triathlon for months. I feel ready. [SEP] Hopefully all of your hard work will pay off and you will do well. [SEP] I hope so. I exercise every day to be prepared. I hope to be able to finish it.	I hope so. I exercise every day to be prepared. I hope to be able to finish it.	All you can do is do your best and whatever happens after that at least you will know that you gave it your all.
2	i went into that interview knowing i was going to get the job [SEP] Do you feel like you interview well regularly? were you qualified? [SEP] yea i prepare for every possible question they can throw at me.. i was the most qualified 	yea i prepare for every possible question they can throw at me.. i was the most qualified 	Then its a no brainer,  I hope that you make alot of money there.
1	i made some potatoes that my mom used to make when i was a kid it made me miss home [SEP] Oh wow that sounds good to me [SEP] it was so sweet it made me think of my childhood	it was so sweet it made me think of my childhood	I like memories like that
0	Dogs are so caring and lovely	Dogs are so caring and lovely	yes they are so soft and fun to cuddle to.
1	I was so happy to get home that day. [SEP] I love coming home too.  [SEP] What is your favourite thing about your home ?	What is your favourite thing about your home ?	I just love relaxing here. My favourite thing is no neighbours !
3	So, I am embarrassed to say, but my daughter got in a ton of trouble the other day. [SEP] Oh no! Kids do that sometimes. What happened? [SEP] She is 21 and makes her own grown up decision now.  And unfortunately got caught up in the wrong crowd.	She is 21 and makes her own grown up decision now.  And unfortunately got caught up in the wrong crowd.	It's hard when they grow up. Hopefully she will learn from her mistakes.
4	I feel bad.. I had to leave my husband in the ICU and come home without him. [SEP] Why is he in the ICU? [SEP] He had a lung transplant Friday Night	He had a lung transplant Friday Night	I'm sorry, I hope he recovers!
6	School is about to start again! I am so excited. [SEP] It is nice. School can be very exciting. [SEP] My kids are ready too. We are going school shopping tomorrow	My kids are ready too. We are going school shopping tomorrow	Are they happy to go back to school?
8	My brother has always had more friends than me and even though that made me happy for him, I couldn't help but wish I had as many as him. [SEP] I was always jealous because my brothers didn't need to work as hard after I moved away. [SEP] Looks like both had jealousy issues with our brothers.	Looks like both had jealousy issues with our brothers.	It was funny because I was out with one of the prettiest girls ever telling her I was jealous. I shouldn't have been though.
1	Before I was dating to my wife she was going to a conference without me and I was afraid she was going to fall for someone else.  Needless to say I went to the conference. [SEP] What will you do if you can't be with your wife all the time? [SEP] I'm fine now I completely trust her since we're married, but she was going a church singles conference without me.	I'm fine now I completely trust her since we're married, but she was going a church singles conference without me.	Oh that makes a lot of sense now then.
3	I had to write a really long paper for class last week. But I was so busy that I didn't have any time to actually work on it. I ended up copying someone's old paper. I really feel upset at myself for this.	I had to write a really long paper for class last week. But I was so busy that I didn't have any time to actually work on it. I ended up copying someone's old paper. I really feel upset at myself for this.	Yeah, you can really get in major trouble for doing that.
7	I was pretty happy to find out I was having a girl [SEP] Oh cool!  How pregnant are you? [SEP] I had her 7 months ago	I had her 7 months ago	Ohhhh so you already had her!  Congratulations!
7	So no real plans this weekend... Just sitting here alone.	So no real plans this weekend... Just sitting here alone.	Being alone is good sometimes!
6	I went skydiving a few years ago. It was a rush!	I went skydiving a few years ago. It was a rush!	skydiving is insane to me, how did it go? what reminded you of it?
8	Went to trim my beard today. Trimmed a little too much on one side, had to even it out on the other. Did that like four times on accident, and now I trimmed my beard so much more than I wanted to, and I look dumb. [SEP] You may need to go to the barber shop! [SEP] Yeah, I guess I should stop trying to do it on my own. I hate spending money on that stuff though. If I could give myself a haircut, I would, so I didn't have to spend money on that either. But that probably wouldn't be a good idea..	Yeah, I guess I should stop trying to do it on my own. I hate spending money on that stuff though. If I could give myself a haircut, I would, so I didn't have to spend money on that either. But that probably wouldn't be a good idea..	The barber shop is totally worth it. They do such a good job.
3	Some person cut me off in traffic yesterday and almost caused me to wreck. [SEP] Oh no! Are you alright? [SEP] Yes, fortunately! I can't stand people who can't drive!	Yes, fortunately! I can't stand people who can't drive!	I can't either. Hopefully they don't actually cause someone else to wreck.
5	I had planned to get my wife flowers for her birthday but I completly forgot. I feel very upset about having forgotten and think she'll hate me. [SEP] Is there still time to get one? You can if you hurry! [SEP] Well it was a few days ago. I'd still be late.	Well it was a few days ago. I'd still be late.	Hmm I think you should make it up to her somehow. Take her to an expensive dinner. 
5	My debit card was blocked and called my bank to resolve the issue. Can you believe it, it took me hours until i could get to a representative. What an unacceptable level of customer service they have	My debit card was blocked and called my bank to resolve the issue. Can you believe it, it took me hours until i could get to a representative. What an unacceptable level of customer service they have	Yikes, maybe it's time to switch banks
4	I ordered a gift for a friend and it says it was delivered but I never received it. Now the company says it takes 14 days for a refund [SEP] Don't you hate how "customer service" has no service anymore?  Did you get the refund at least? [SEP] Still waiting..... That's the most upsetting. Because they waste no time taking your money	Still waiting..... That's the most upsetting. Because they waste no time taking your money	I'm sorry that you had to experience that.  It's totally unfair!
2	My oldest son just got a full ride to college. He is so smart and I'm so excited for him! [SEP] Is it his first year? [SEP] Yeah he just graduated high school. 	Yeah he just graduated high school. 	Oh wow I bet you are proud!
3	My husband's grandma came to stay with us when we had our third baby and she took great care of us, made us a lot of food and bought us some new kitchen tools. [SEP] That is so thoughtful! [SEP] Yeah it made us so comfortable, and it was so helpful.	Yeah it made us so comfortable, and it was so helpful.	I can only imagine with the stress of a new baby.
5	My coworker told my boss that I came in to work 15 minutes late this morning. I couldn't believe he did that to me! [SEP] I am sorry, that sounds bad [SEP] Yeah, I could't understand why he would throw me under the bus like that.  	Yeah, I could't understand why he would throw me under the bus like that.  	Maybe it wont happen again
2	I got a big chemistry exam coming up. I am so worried I will bomb it.	I got a big chemistry exam coming up. I am so worried I will bomb it.	I hated chemistry in school, i hope you do well
2	I feel blessed that I can take care of my kids myself without struggling [SEP] That's because you worked hard and never gave up! I'm proud of you! [SEP] I still work hard. I just wish I could splurge sometimes. Thats the only thing	I still work hard. I just wish I could splurge sometimes. Thats the only thing	One day you'll be able to. Just keep your head up!
2	My best friend will be going to school in another country for 4 years [SEP] which country? [SEP] She'll be in England.	She'll be in England.	thats cool i bet she will have fun
1	My brother finally went to college!	My brother finally went to college!	Oh that's great news. I bet he is having lots of fun.
3	My husband has a job interview coming up and we re really hoping he'd get the job. [SEP] What kind of job is it?   I will keep my fingers crossed he gets it! [SEP] It's for health care company. It'll be a better job for him. Thank you.	It's for health care company. It'll be a better job for him. Thank you.	THats awesome, does it pay better than the one he has?  A pay increase is certainly helpful.
4	I felt destroyed when I failed one of my college courses last year	I felt destroyed when I failed one of my college courses last year	Sorry to hear that. Was it a difficult course?
4	I was robbed at gunpoint once when i worked as a cashier. [SEP] Oh wow!  Did the guy get caught? [SEP] Yes he did and I had to testify against him. It was very scary. 	Yes he did and I had to testify against him. It was very scary. 	That would be.  I am so sorry you had to go through that.
1	We took our girls on a surprise trip - we told them we were going to the beach but that was not the destination. [SEP] That sounds like fun! Where are you taking them? The junkyard? [SEP] Wouldn't that be a hoot?  No, we took them to Disney!	Wouldn't that be a hoot?  No, we took them to Disney!	Aw, that's sounds like so much fun! You sound like awesome parents :)
5	We had a meeting with a potential client, and guess what. I forgot to inform my co-worker about it. Feel bad for being a reason he missed the opportunity [SEP] I am sure there will be another chance. [SEP] I hope so, but he was very disappointed in me and i do not think our relationship will be the same ever again	I hope so, but he was very disappointed in me and i do not think our relationship will be the same ever again	Maybe you should buy him lunch to make a peace offering.
7	Tomorrow is a fine day for me - I start my new job.	Tomorrow is a fine day for me - I start my new job.	Congratulations. Are you excited?
7	I am worried I won't pass my chemistry test. I studied really hard but am afraid I won't know all the answers. [SEP] im sure you will be fine [SEP] Thanks for the encouragement. I will study some more with my friend.	Thanks for the encouragement. I will study some more with my friend.	good luck
2	I'm looking forward to my daughter's fall concert. [SEP] Sounds exciting! [SEP] I look forward to them every year.	I look forward to them every year.	Well I hope you have fun and I hope she does well.
1	After failing inspection, my friend offered to repair the required parts of my car with his own tools, I was confident he could do so for significantly cheaper than the garage. [SEP] He charged you? [SEP] Only for the required parts. He did the labor for free! I tipped him though, of course.  [SEP] Did it all work out? Or did he completely mess up your car hah [SEP] He took the car to his own mechanic and it passed the inspection no problem. Probably saved about $500. 	He took the car to his own mechanic and it passed the inspection no problem. Probably saved about $500. 	Sounds like you've got a lot of faith in your friend.
4	I gor home from work the other day to find my cat had peed on the carpet. The smell was horrible. [SEP] oh my god, thats it so gross, cat pee is the worst. [SEP] It really is. Luckily, I had some cleaner for pet urine, but I was gagging the whole time I was cleaning.	It really is. Luckily, I had some cleaner for pet urine, but I was gagging the whole time I was cleaning.	im so sorry,  thats why im not the biggest fan of animals.
3	I have not been in the best mood today. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. Is something wrong? [SEP] Oh many things, I guess it manifests in making everything get on my nerves. I hope I feel better tomorrow because I hate being in a bad mood ever.	Oh many things, I guess it manifests in making everything get on my nerves. I hope I feel better tomorrow because I hate being in a bad mood ever.	LIttle things build up sometimes. I hope you feel better as well.
7	a girl i like at school told me today she doesn't like me in front of everyone [SEP] Oh no! That must have been really embarrassing! How did you respond? [SEP] i walked away so i didnt do something stupid like HIT HER! [SEP] I don't blame you. That was so rude of her to make that comment in front of everyone. [SEP] yep but don't worry. next week im going to walk right up to her and tell her *i* don't like *her*	yep but don't worry. next week im going to walk right up to her and tell her *i* don't like *her*	Good for you! 
0	My mom said she'd go to the doctor the next time she started feeling weird heart palpitations again. I'm about a thousand miles away from her, so I can't force her to go. But I'm worried about her, as she's always avoided the doctor, and always been in poor health. Hope she does the right thing [SEP] I hope so, too. Heart conditions can be scary! Do you have anyone closer to her that could check in? [SEP] Sort of.. we have a neighbor that's been by her for 10 years, and they've been friends for a long time. But she's older herself, and has her own worries, so it's not like I can put more on her plate. My mother is just stubborn. I love her to death, but she's kind of a "What will be, will be" type person, and just assumes life will happen and you can, nor should, do anything to get in the way of it.	Sort of.. we have a neighbor that's been by her for 10 years, and they've been friends for a long time. But she's older herself, and has her own worries, so it's not like I can put more on her plate. My mother is just stubborn. I love her to death, but she's kind of a "What will be, will be" type person, and just assumes life will happen and you can, nor should, do anything to get in the way of it.	I know quite a few people that live their lives that way. I can see some of the reasons why a person would think that -- but it's still difficult when it comes to the health of someone you love.
0	Ordered some pho, and the delivery guy gave me pizza, too. [SEP] Wow, what a lucky day for you! [SEP] Heck yea, I love pizza. Should last me a few days.	Heck yea, I love pizza. Should last me a few days.	Pizza is my absolute favorite, I could eat it for the rest of my life.
6	MY kid loves her new school and she doesnt like anything!	MY kid loves her new school and she doesnt like anything!	Don't be daft! Kids should never watch tv!
8	Wasn't able to register for one of the classes I need to be on track to graduate in my last year of college. Have to contact the school and see if they'll be able to make an exception and squeeze me into a full class, or I don't know what I'll do. [SEP] That is scary, I was in that position before, I do not know why they make it so difficult [SEP] Truthfully, it was my fault. I should have registered for that class sooner. I thought I would be able to skip it, but I realized I wouldn't. It was my mistake.	Truthfully, it was my fault. I should have registered for that class sooner. I thought I would be able to skip it, but I realized I wouldn't. It was my mistake.	Still, school is about making mistakes and learning from them
0	Summer is almost over. [SEP] Do you feel better now. [SEP] I think that I will as soon as the weather starts to change.	I think that I will as soon as the weather starts to change.	Yeah. It happens to everyone whenever whether changes.
6	My dog ran away yesterday. I am so distraught. [SEP] Is the first time that he ran away? [SEP] It is! I don't know if he will come home...	It is! I don't know if he will come home...	Then it is a little bit scary. Did you try to find him?
7	I walked into a job interview unprepared, I was actually given the job days later which was a blessing	I walked into a job interview unprepared, I was actually given the job days later which was a blessing	Nice.  I've never had luck with being unprepared for things, I always choke.
4	I've been struggling all day. I had some carryout over the weekend and it's hitting me in the worse way. Very ill.	I've been struggling all day. I had some carryout over the weekend and it's hitting me in the worse way. Very ill.	I am so sorry to hear that. Are you feeling nauseated? 
2	I've been really sick, and my cat has been taking care of me [SEP] That is so sweet of your cat. [SEP] Yea. He's usually not this affectionate.	Yea. He's usually not this affectionate.	Well, I hope you get better soon.
8	I cant believe how fast time flies.  It feels like just yesterday sometimes [SEP] YEs it does, take advantage of the time you have now [SEP] I found an old box of photographs so ive been looking through all of them.  Seeing all these people I knew and was friends with makes me wonder what they are up to now.	I found an old box of photographs so ive been looking through all of them.  Seeing all these people I knew and was friends with makes me wonder what they are up to now.	Reach out to them and see how they are!
6	I knew my team was going to win last week. They were playing well	I knew my team was going to win last week. They were playing well	Oh nice. What sport?
0	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe this morning	Ouch, I hate when that happens.
4	Recently, my dog died. It was so heartbreaking. We had him since 2010.	Recently, my dog died. It was so heartbreaking. We had him since 2010.	Oh no that would make him quite young. I'm so sorry! Do you have plans for another one when you're ready?
6	My brother always takes my hot sauce. [SEP] From your house? [SEP] Yeah, I get so irritated when he does that.	Yeah, I get so irritated when he does that.	Why wouldn't he just go to the store and buy his own?
2	I just took the bar exam this morning. [SEP] Oh wow like for law school? or what you take after law school? [SEP] Yes and I am so excited. I know I did well.	Yes and I am so excited. I know I did well.	That is really awesome! I bet is a a relief that its done now!
6	4 [SEP] Four is a pretty cool number. I am a bigger fan of 5, though. [SEP] I am sorry. I meant to say I cared for my dad one time. I just felt like I had to make sure he felt better	I am sorry. I meant to say I cared for my dad one time. I just felt like I had to make sure he felt better	What was wrong with your Dad?
4	When I was about seven years old, my cat Hector got out of the house and got lost in the neighborhood. [SEP] Oh no! Were you able to find him ever?  [SEP] Unfortunately we weren't. We put out signs but never were able to track him down.	Unfortunately we weren't. We put out signs but never were able to track him down.	Aw I'm sorry to hear that. Losing a pet is never an easy thing, especially when you don't know what happened to him.
4	Last week I had to put my dog to sleep.  It was really sad because I had him for 16 years. [SEP] Oh no. I am so sorry. That is so hard. My daughters cat got run over like a week after we had him. :( What was your dog's name? [SEP] Ugh that happened to me before as well with another dog.  Her name was Doodles.	Ugh that happened to me before as well with another dog.  Her name was Doodles.	Doodles. That's a cute name! I'm sorry about your dog. 16 Years sounds like a good long life.
7	I just finished signing the papers for my auto loan refinance! Waiting on a large refund for the GAp insurance! [SEP] Great! Will this mean a lower car payment for you?  [SEP] Yes! And a lower interest rate. I'm so happy. I can really use that extra money!	Yes! And a lower interest rate. I'm so happy. I can really use that extra money!	So happy for you! Yes- having extra money is always a reason to celebrate!
6	Had a little bit of a hospital stay to have routine surgery. A co-worker came to visit me while I was there, which surprised me. Kinda nice to see something unexpected like that, for people to show they care.	Had a little bit of a hospital stay to have routine surgery. A co-worker came to visit me while I was there, which surprised me. Kinda nice to see something unexpected like that, for people to show they care.	It's good to hear! Are you alright now?
6	Yesterday I bought my very first videogame with my own money	Yesterday I bought my very first videogame with my own money	Really? What game did you get?
2	I had a speech I had to deliver at work in front of a big prospective client. [SEP] Ooh that is rough having to prepare for. How do you think you did? [SEP]  I studied and memorized the speech for weeks and went over it thoroughly. When it came time to deliver the speech, I nailed it!	 I studied and memorized the speech for weeks and went over it thoroughly. When it came time to deliver the speech, I nailed it!	That's awesome! I'm so glad to hear that! Hopefully this boosts your confidence for next time, now you know you can do it.
0	My wife is off to her mom's. I will be alone and lonely without her [SEP] Oh no! How boring. Could you call up a few buddies to hang out? [SEP] Yeah , but the thought of not her being here makes me sad.	Yeah , but the thought of not her being here makes me sad.	I can agree. Dont be too down. Im sure you can find someting to keep you busy. 
3	My dog got out and I haven't found her yet [SEP] where did it go? [SEP] I'm not sure. She's probably around the neighborhood somewhere, but I haven't found her yet. I hope she's ok	I'm not sure. She's probably around the neighborhood somewhere, but I haven't found her yet. I hope she's ok	I hope so, hope is still alive, and Have you search everywhere?
2	I think my kimchi will win the best kimchi award at the kimchi contest	I think my kimchi will win the best kimchi award at the kimchi contest	Oh I hope it does! I bet you've got a super secret ingredient that makes it stand out from the rest of the rabble.
2	I was 26 when I had my first child - that was a very scary experience.  I'm actually surprised we went on and had another one! [SEP] That is scary! As a 26 year old I cannot imagine actually having kids at this age. I'd be running around like a chicken [SEP] Well, unfortunately I got HELLP syndrome and basically my organs started shutting down - they had to do an emergency c-section and I was in the hospital over a week.	Well, unfortunately I got HELLP syndrome and basically my organs started shutting down - they had to do an emergency c-section and I was in the hospital over a week.	That's rough! I'm glad you're ok now (I hope), but that must have been really traumatic 
5	I bought my fiancee a big cake for her birthday. [SEP] Was she impressed? [SEP] Yes, she really liked it I think. I just wanted to show how much she meant to me... with a giant cake haha.	Yes, she really liked it I think. I just wanted to show how much she meant to me... with a giant cake haha.	That's a good idea, maybe take her on a cute date sometime as well?
1	I am so jealous of Trump. I don't understand how someone not that smart can be so rich.	I am so jealous of Trump. I don't understand how someone not that smart can be so rich.	He is smart to be that rich
1	This lady at the store kept flirting with me today	This lady at the store kept flirting with me today	oh yeaaa do tell
3	So I just got a check from a family member who just passed. For 100,000 dollars [SEP] Wow, that is a big inheritance. What do you plan to do with it? [SEP] Payoff my credit cards, invest some of it. I don't know how taxes work on this stuff so I don't want to spend too much	Payoff my credit cards, invest some of it. I don't know how taxes work on this stuff so I don't want to spend too much	Yeah, it's better to make some good choices with that amount of money.
5	I think I didn't pay the cab driver and he told me he need the money so badly. I feel so bad, what do I do?	I think I didn't pay the cab driver and he told me he need the money so badly. I feel so bad, what do I do?	I think you should call the cab company and try to locate the driver!
2	My mom raised me and my brother by herself. I wish I could take care of her in her old age. [SEP] wow thats great, I hope you are able to do that [SEP] Thank you. I sure hope so, too!	Thank you. I sure hope so, too!	hopefully she is in good health!
7	Having this new baby puppy around reminds me of how fragile life is. [SEP] Aw, that's cute, how old is he/she? [SEP] Just 2 days old :)  I remember when my other animals who have passed were babies. Circle of life	Just 2 days old :)  I remember when my other animals who have passed were babies. Circle of life	Oh wow, that's adorable.  I'm sure its very fragile and cute, wish I could see it!
0	When i see beggars on the road side. I feel pity on them and i just want to do something for them [SEP] do you give them money? [SEP] i always do as i feel so sad for them	i always do as i feel so sad for them	yea me too
5	So when i was a teenage my father took my game console away. [SEP] Did he tell you the reason? [SEP] My grades but i ended up going into his room and taking it back. I bought that myself with my own money.	My grades but i ended up going into his room and taking it back. I bought that myself with my own money.	If you live under his roof then you should obey him.
0	I feel alone most of the time and I kinda enjoy it [SEP] Is it because you are surrounded by people most of the time? I get that way sometimes too, so I can relate. [SEP] At work I am, so when I get home I am perfectly fine being alone	At work I am, so when I get home I am perfectly fine being alone	It is good that you enjoy your alone time. Sometimes we just need a little "me-time".
7	I am ready for the Foreigner reunion concert.	I am ready for the Foreigner reunion concert.	I am not sure what that is, but I wish you luck with it.
2	I have been getting ready for grad school and I am feeling a little anxious about it. [SEP] It can be pretty scary getting ready for a new environment. but i am sure after the first day it will be gone. [SEP] I sure hope so! I really want to do well!	I sure hope so! I really want to do well!	I'm sure you will! I bet you will do great things after school!
4	I can't even explain how much I care for this cat I have, it's like my best friend!	I can't even explain how much I care for this cat I have, it's like my best friend!	I am sorry. what happened to the cat?
4	i was crushed when i didnt get the weekend off [SEP] Now that's just not right! Weekends are supposed to be for relaxing and hanging out with friends, not slaving away for the man! Hopefully you didn't have to cancel any plans... [SEP] yea had to cancel my trip	yea had to cancel my trip	Wow, that really sucks, I'm sorry to hear that. You deserve to take yourself some vacation time or sick time or something.
4	I tried a new slushie flavor tonight. It sounded very good but it wasn't. Such a letdown.	I tried a new slushie flavor tonight. It sounded very good but it wasn't. Such a letdown.	Oh,dont take it so hard,its always like that,so sorry about that
1	Went home for my high school reunion and found out the school is closing and being sold. So sad. [SEP] Weird.. that happened to me last year.  In Baltimore.. [SEP] I don't like the idea of closing and consolidating schools and making the kids ride for thirty minutes to two hours on a bus both ways, just to save a few bucks. [SEP] That is horrible.. I am sorry!  Mine got closed after a scandal that was on Netflix [SEP] Ew interesting. I think high school and earlier is so important and college too.	Ew interesting. I think high school and earlier is so important and college too.	Same here and its hard when your school doesn't exist anymore
0	MY car has been down for about a month. Every time I leave the house I see all brand new cars.	MY car has been down for about a month. Every time I leave the house I see all brand new cars.	I absolutely hate car issues.  Will you be getting it fixed or buying another one?
1	I am more than ready for my vacation to Europe. [SEP] When will you be going? [SEP] First Italy, then Spain and France	First Italy, then Spain and France	That sounds really nice.
1	I can't stop thinking about when Christmas will be here. I love how New Years comes right after that.	I can't stop thinking about when Christmas will be here. I love how New Years comes right after that.	I am waiting for Halloween. Its my favorite.
1	We're getting a new coworker next week. We've been so short staffed. [SEP] that always stinks, i hate being short handed  [SEP] We might finally get to home on time next week.	We might finally get to home on time next week.	man that will be great, working long shifts aint fun
4	My stepdad passed away and my mother moved in with my sister.	My stepdad passed away and my mother moved in with my sister.	Aww I'm sorry for your loss. How is your family holding up?
4	I am nervous.. I have to go to court for the first time.	I am nervous.. I have to go to court for the first time.	Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. I have been to court before; it isn't as scary as it seems.
5	I hate flying. Something bad is going to happen, I feel it. I don't want to get on this flight. [SEP] oh no, why do you think like that.. All should be good [SEP] Because, plane crashes are awful!	Because, plane crashes are awful!	ah ok. If intuition tells not to fly. Lets not take chance. you should skip the flight
8	I'm jealous with people who have a washer and dryer. Going to the laundromat stinks! [SEP] I know. I just went yesterday! [SEP] It's such a hassle, would be nice just to walk into the other room and do it!	It's such a hassle, would be nice just to walk into the other room and do it!	I can't wait to move and have a hook up.
8	Back in school, when I was playing soccer with my friends, I accidentally tackled my friend	Back in school, when I was playing soccer with my friends, I accidentally tackled my friend	Were they pokay
7	My wife just gave me my favorite watch for my birthday. [SEP] Nice, how much was it worth? [SEP] Not a whole lot, just about $200, but I love the look of it.	Not a whole lot, just about $200, but I love the look of it.	Make sure to give your wife a big present when it is her birthday!
3	My hamster passed away and I never thought I would be so upset. [SEP] I'm so sorry for your loss. [SEP] Thank you. I know it's just a tiny little animal but I enjoyed having a pet of my own.	Thank you. I know it's just a tiny little animal but I enjoyed having a pet of my own.	I hope you will be able to heal from this. 
1	I'm impressed with how well our pool is coming a long, it should be ready by next summer!	I'm impressed with how well our pool is coming a long, it should be ready by next summer!	Sweet!, must be a really big pool if you have to wait until next summer. 
2	I was at my dealership and I had to hand over my car to some stranger. I was kinda scared that he'd take something, but I had to trust him [SEP] I don't really trust dealerships. What's wrong with your car? [SEP] Nothing was wrong with it, it just needed an oil change. 	Nothing was wrong with it, it just needed an oil change. 	Ah you're getting maintenance done. That's good.
7	i care about my wife and i always want the best for her  [SEP] That's very nice of you. I feel the same way about my husband. Isn't it nice to care about someone? [SEP] it is so beautiful when you can just rely on them and not even overthink about it.	it is so beautiful when you can just rely on them and not even overthink about it.	It is probably one of the best feelings!
2	The other day, my daughter decided we needed to take a homeless man a sandwich. I'm so grateful for her kind spirit.	The other day, my daughter decided we needed to take a homeless man a sandwich. I'm so grateful for her kind spirit.	That's really generous of her.  She'll grow up to have pretty good karma 
4	When my grandmother passed away, I was devestated, I hated it so much	When my grandmother passed away, I was devestated, I hated it so much	Oh no I am sorry for your loss
2	I really thought that physics was gonna be an easy class last semester. [SEP] Physics is an interesting subject, but it can get difficult to understand sometimes. [SEP] Agreed, since it was way harder than I anticipated.	Agreed, since it was way harder than I anticipated.	Hopefully you won't have to take an additional Physics course in the future!
1	My friend's 8 year old kid cooks like a tiny Chef Ramsey. [SEP] That is very nice to have around, what kind of food [SEP] She can cook all kinds. I had 3 servings of everything!	She can cook all kinds. I had 3 servings of everything!	I am very jealous
6	My tree died a few weeks ago.	My tree died a few weeks ago.	That's too bad. Are you going to replace it?
0	At a party I found myself to be by myself	At a party I found myself to be by myself	I understand sometimes it uncomfortable to socialize, I get anxiety in social situations
0	I  am so glad I get to see my cousins this weekend [SEP] Were you all best friends as children? [SEP] We were close but we didn’t get to see each other more than twice a year	We were close but we didn’t get to see each other more than twice a year	Oh geez, that's hard! I am glad you get to see them again. treasure such moments!
2	I went thrift shopping for the first time today	I went thrift shopping for the first time today	That's good. I always find interesting things whenever I go. 
5	I am living on my own now. [SEP] Awesome. Is it the first ime? [SEP] Yes but when I get home from work I have no one to talk to	Yes but when I get home from work I have no one to talk to	Maybe you will a friend soon. Or even meet a nice guy.
1	I am so sad Anthony Bourdain died. [SEP] Me too. He was a cool guy. [SEP] He killed himself, makes no sense.	He killed himself, makes no sense.	Yeah it's very sad
3	can you imagine being in front of a judge who will sentence you to prison [SEP] Oh god no, my heart would be racing. Were you scared? [SEP]  I was terrified, almost poop my pants in the courtroom	 I was terrified, almost poop my pants in the courtroom	Damn, i can't imagine ever going through that. I hope it was something minor and didn't affect you too much.
8	I saw a really scary movie last night. [SEP] what movie? did you survive the night? [SEP] The Ring, it was so frightening!	The Ring, it was so frightening!	OH my god! the ring scaed me half to death when it came out omg. IM scared thinking about it.
1	My boyfriend came home with a brand new car for me, one that I really wanted. [SEP] Congrats! Did he choose wisely? [SEP] Yes, I was shocked and happy at the same time!	Yes, I was shocked and happy at the same time!	Well, you did say it was one you really wanted. How nice of him to do that for you.
4	My son stole a car from an elderly man today. [SEP] Wow, that's awful. Why did he do that? [SEP] I'm not sure...he's been acting up the past few years. I wish I knew why. I've never been so disappointed in him.	I'm not sure...he's been acting up the past few years. I wish I knew why. I've never been so disappointed in him.	I'm sorry to hear that. I hope he can get the help he needs.
4	I went to the grocery store, while at the cashier i realized that I could not find my debit card. [SEP] Oh no! Did you end up finding it? [SEP] No, I felt really bad. I ended up leaving the groceries.  	No, I felt really bad. I ended up leaving the groceries.  	Aw that's too bad. Sorry to hear. I lost my debit once, I don't think I ever found mine either..
0	Getting my bags packed for vacation!	Getting my bags packed for vacation!	Myself as well friend, i love vacation.
5	I have a difficult falling asleep before a job interview [SEP] Do you get to anxious about it? [SEP] Yes, that happens because I am so nervous about being in a new environment.	Yes, that happens because I am so nervous about being in a new environment.	You should look for a therapy that will help you with this issue.
2	I am going to have back surgery next month.	I am going to have back surgery next month.	Oh no! I hope it goes well as I've heard those can be tricky procedures
8	I didn't do anything all weekend [SEP] Why not? [SEP] Nothing to do.  Just sat around at home playing video games.   [SEP] I love video games. Thats not a bad weekend [SEP] Yeah.  Should have gotten out to do something though.  Felt like I wasted it.	Yeah.  Should have gotten out to do something though.  Felt like I wasted it.	Theres always next weekend
2	My son cheated on his math exam today. I've never felt so let down.	My son cheated on his math exam today. I've never felt so let down.	Oh no! I bet your disappointed in his actions!
8	At work, I saw a coworker pick their nose and eat it.	At work, I saw a coworker pick their nose and eat it.	OMG!  How nasty!
5	Last year, late at night someone stole my phone.	Last year, late at night someone stole my phone.	Was it a smartphone? Maybe you can track it ?
2	A bit unexpected but nice: my utility bills were much lower than expected this month. [SEP] Right on, glad to hear it. I hate utility bills and how unexpectedly high they can be. I especially hated living with roommates who didn't mind getting them really high, just for the sake of having it a little cooler. [SEP] Yeah I agree. You never know what it will be each month. I expected it to be higher this month due to the increase in A/C and fan usage, but actually wasn't bad. 	Yeah I agree. You never know what it will be each month. I expected it to be higher this month due to the increase in A/C and fan usage, but actually wasn't bad. 	I hope it stays that way for you. Luckily I'm in an apartment now where the utilities are included, so I don't have to stress about what it's going to be, or confronting my roommates.
1	I hope I ace my math test on Monday. [SEP] Are you prepared? [SEP] Very! I've had my presentation ready for days already! [SEP] What kind of math is on the test? [SEP] It's an oral test, we had to do a presentation about various types of geometry. It was really weird but I think I have it down pat.	It's an oral test, we had to do a presentation about various types of geometry. It was really weird but I think I have it down pat.	That is weird, I like calculus a lot.
8	I was a little unsure when I changed schools. I was not sure how it would go. [SEP] How did it go? [SEP] It went well but I did not know that going in	It went well but I did not know that going in	We all get nervous about changing our surroundings
4	Can't believe I failed that test.	Can't believe I failed that test.	Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. What kind of test was it?
4	My oldest daughter had a hard time with other kids in school.	My oldest daughter had a hard time with other kids in school.	I am sorry, kids can be mean
8	Its meet the teacher day at the school. I always get nervous doing this. [SEP] Are you the parent or the teacher? I get nervous meeting anyone new [SEP] Im the parent. I always feel like I don't belong around other parents because they are always much older.	Im the parent. I always feel like I don't belong around other parents because they are always much older.	I felt like that when my kids were younger. Doesn't feel like that now they're teenagers. It'll be ok just act natural
6	I was riding my bike yesterday near some woods. I heard a creepy voice say "come closer I need to tell you something".	I was riding my bike yesterday near some woods. I heard a creepy voice say "come closer I need to tell you something".	That does sound creepy. What did you do?
6	I lied to my lady love.	I lied to my lady love.	What did you lie about?
1	I met my friends girlfriend and he is so lucky. She's funny and beautiful. The whole package. 	I met my friends girlfriend and he is so lucky. She's funny and beautiful. The whole package. 	make a plan to pluck her away
0	Robin williams was my hero i am so sad he's gone	Robin williams was my hero i am so sad he's gone	I know that was the case for many, I am sorry that impacted you 
1	i cant wait for the weekend [SEP] Me too. What do you have planned? [SEP] gonna go to the coast 	gonna go to the coast 	Cool, I live near the coast. Great time to go there.
2	I was at work and my friend left to go to the bathroom and didn't come back for what seemed like 30 minutes! There were so many customers that I had to deal with!	I was at work and my friend left to go to the bathroom and didn't come back for what seemed like 30 minutes! There were so many customers that I had to deal with!	Jeeze, I hope he really had to go, otherwise he must have been slacking off on purpose!
0	I lost all my savings in Vegas last week because of my gambling problem. [SEP] I'm so so sorry to hear that, it can't be easy being in that position. Have you spoken to anyone close to you about it? [SEP] I have been too sad to tell anyone about this so I have kept it secret. Do you think I should talk to someone?	I have been too sad to tell anyone about this so I have kept it secret. Do you think I should talk to someone?	Definitely. Not to make this about me, but I've had a lot of issues in my life that simply got worse over time because I kept it to myself.
6	i was upset when i saw my brother pulling up with a brand new BMW	i was upset when i saw my brother pulling up with a brand new BMW	Why were you upset
7	I called into work and told them I was sick, I felt bad afterwards cause it left them short handed. [SEP] Were you legit sick? [SEP] No. I just did not feel like going to work.	No. I just did not feel like going to work.	Lol that happens to the best of us, dont feel bad
3	I still feel the loss of my 19 year old cat Lexi.  She was my first pet as an adult.  [SEP] oh man. was just talking to someone about that type of thing. i had a pet dog who was hit by a car back when I was in jr high. i have friends who have recently lost their lifelong pets and i know they're still reeling to some extent. [SEP] Yeah it hurts but I felt lucky to have had her in my life.  Send your friends a hug from me.  	Yeah it hurts but I felt lucky to have had her in my life.  Send your friends a hug from me.  	i will indeed. thank you. back at ya.
4	I am feeling uncomfortable in my body today. [SEP] Oh no. What's going on? [SEP] I am not sure why...but ever since my body changed so much in pregnancy..and I am having to work so hard to get it back to normal..somedays I am just uncomfortable and don't want to wear anything and I don't want to go out	I am not sure why...but ever since my body changed so much in pregnancy..and I am having to work so hard to get it back to normal..somedays I am just uncomfortable and don't want to wear anything and I don't want to go out	I'm sorry to hear that. Are you thinking about changing your diet and exercise routine?
0	I am so sick of my job not paying us for the proper amount of hours! 	I am so sick of my job not paying us for the proper amount of hours! 	That's terrible. Employers just don't value their employees sometimes.
3	I was hoping to get my car in the body shop this week but I still have not heard from my insurance company.	I was hoping to get my car in the body shop this week but I still have not heard from my insurance company.	Try and give them another call to see what the situation is
8	I ate 12 pizzas all by myself today. Never felt so bad about myself.	I ate 12 pizzas all by myself today. Never felt so bad about myself.	Woah how did you manage to eat 12 pizzas
7	I just got to college and am terribly homesick. I miss my house and my parents. [SEP] I know the feeling. I lived far away from my parents in college. It does get better. [SEP] I hope it does, otherwise I dont know how I will deal with this sadness.	I hope it does, otherwise I dont know how I will deal with this sadness.	I had to try to make friends and see my parents when I could. I wish you luck.
5	I still can't believe my dad bought me a car. [SEP] Good for you. Many are getting into car loan and struggling with car payments [SEP] Yes, he is very generous.	Yes, he is very generous.	You should be grateful for having such a caring father
5	I watched the scariest movie on TV last night. It gave me the creeps and I couldn't sleep I was so terrified! [SEP] What movie? I can't watch scary movies anymore since having kids, they are too realistic now haha [SEP] It was Insidious. Don't watch it by yourself if you want to sleep.	It was Insidious. Don't watch it by yourself if you want to sleep.	Thank you for the heads up! Maybe sleep with a night light on tonight :) Sweet dreams!
1	I am looking forward to this weekend in some ways. I am hoping that GOOD positive things will happen. [SEP] What things are you looking forward to? [SEP] Well nothing in particular, I am just hoping good things will happen versus anything bad! lol I don't feel so great so it would be nice if this weekend had good things in it :)	Well nothing in particular, I am just hoping good things will happen versus anything bad! lol I don't feel so great so it would be nice if this weekend had good things in it :)	It sounds like your positivity will bring about something good
3	Im riding some roller coasters this weekend [SEP] Oh cool! Where are you gonna do that? [SEP] Up in Louisville.  It's going to be awesome.  First time ever.  They're built safe, arent they?	Up in Louisville.  It's going to be awesome.  First time ever.  They're built safe, arent they?	Oh yeah they are safe 99% of the time
6	Hello there! So I just finished high school and retook maths in my final year because I didn't do well it the year before	Hello there! So I just finished high school and retook maths in my final year because I didn't do well it the year before	How did it went?
3	I can't believe how much more some people get paid than others [SEP] I know right? The wage gap is pretty big in many cases. [SEP] Yeah - for no real reason. Why does a banker get paid more than a baker? Both provide a valuable service.	Yeah - for no real reason. Why does a banker get paid more than a baker? Both provide a valuable service.	That's a good way of looking at it. It really boggles the mind.
5	I tripped the other day on a stair becuase one was slightly higher than the others. [SEP] Oh no, are you ok? [SEP] Yea im fine but it was quite an embarrasing and frustrating situation.	Yea im fine but it was quite an embarrasing and frustrating situation.	I can imagine, perhaps it's a good way to get someone to fix the steps?
2	my fantasy football draft is tomorrow, i am looking to win it all for the third time!	my fantasy football draft is tomorrow, i am looking to win it all for the third time!	That is wonderful. i do hope that you will win
3	I bought a lottery ticket a few days ago. I felt so confident it was going to win the jackpot! [SEP] well did you ? the most i ever won was like 20 bux lol [SEP] Unfortunately I didn't win anything. I was crushed because my expectations were so high!	Unfortunately I didn't win anything. I was crushed because my expectations were so high!	well im confident one day you will win in life something great in life , better than money 
0	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome [SEP] You're gonna be tired the next day. [SEP] i hope not, i have a lot of work to do	i hope not, i have a lot of work to do	Too bad it's on a Sunday.
1	I am afraid of clowns. [SEP] oh gosh, me too!! especially the clown from the movie IT [SEP] Yes I saw that movie and cried.	Yes I saw that movie and cried.	i slept with a light on for a couple of night lol
8	I was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car. [SEP] Did you flip the bird? Some people are so rude. [SEP] I flipped a lot of birds and spewed some pretty angry words too. People drive so stupid sometimes. 	I flipped a lot of birds and spewed some pretty angry words too. People drive so stupid sometimes. 	You should also post the license plate on social media. Sometimes public shaming does wonders.
6	I found my old diary in the basement. It brought lot of memories	I found my old diary in the basement. It brought lot of memories	How nostalgic! Was there anything in there that surprised you?
4	My pet ferret Fuzzy died the other day. I was so heart-broken.	My pet ferret Fuzzy died the other day. I was so heart-broken.	I'm so sorry to hear that. What happened?
3	I can't believe how much more some people get paid than others [SEP] I know right? The wage gap is pretty big in many cases. [SEP] Yeah - for no real reason. Why does a banker get paid more than a baker? Both provide a valuable service.	Yeah - for no real reason. Why does a banker get paid more than a baker? Both provide a valuable service.	That's a good way of looking at it. It really boggles the mind.
5	Stepped in dog poop and tracked it all throughout my parent's house because I didn't know I had done it. Then I had too clean it up. Really annoying... [SEP] When did this happen? [SEP] Happened earlier today! The house still stinks.	Happened earlier today! The house still stinks.	You should buy some spray.
8	My class is finally over and now I just wait for my grade to be posted. [SEP] How do you think you did? [SEP] I know I did very well.	I know I did very well.	Well no worries then
8	I have never had a decent car	I have never had a decent car	That's too bad. In all fairness, no one really needs a good car. I have a beater, but it's get me from place to place. That's all that really matters.
8	My company will give us a bonus because the quarter was good. I am happy. [SEP] That's great. I've never gotten a bonuse at work. [SEP] I am planning to use it for a trip with my family. That will be great.	I am planning to use it for a trip with my family. That will be great.	I just went on a vaction with my kids. Its was so relaxing. Have fun
4	This year has been the worst for rains and flooding. My house was recently affected and heavily damaged.	This year has been the worst for rains and flooding. My house was recently affected and heavily damaged.	Im sorry to hear that do you have insurance to help you?
5	All the family members of my house left to visit grandma. No one is home with me. [SEP] Why didn't you go [SEP] I had work and couldn't get the time off. Now it's just me and the four walls. [SEP] Or it could be you and a dope house party [SEP] Ah now you are giving me ideas. Thank you.	Ah now you are giving me ideas. Thank you.	Or it could be you and a dope house party
0	I know many people are already suffering for climate change but I believe if politicians take the right measures now, we can still save the planet	I know many people are already suffering for climate change but I believe if politicians take the right measures now, we can still save the planet	I could not agree more with you. but it seems like a lot of politicians either don't care or are not putting enough resources into combating climate change.
8	Turning 21 next week. I hope I hit it off with a girl [SEP] That's a good goal!  I recommend online dating if you are trying to meet many different women! [SEP] Any apps you recommend?	Any apps you recommend?	I hear eharmony is pretty good.  I have a couple friends who have had success with it.
3	I love my girlfriend but she can get me so angry [SEP] Why does she get you angry? [SEP] She's constantly jealous and I feel stifled 	She's constantly jealous and I feel stifled 	I hope things get better you two.
6	They make me feel afraid	They make me feel afraid	What makes you feel afraid?
6	We were told that he had colorectal cancer! 	We were told that he had colorectal cancer! 	Who has cancer? Someone you know?
0	My computer is never doing what I tell it too, its so complicated.	My computer is never doing what I tell it too, its so complicated.	You must use it a lot. You will understand it soon
2	My husband put together a graduation party for me and I had no idea! [SEP] Hey... congratulations to you on both fronts! That sounds like double good news. It was probably fun having your hard work rewarded with seeing the faces of all your loved ones and having them personally congratulate you. [SEP] It was, I was so thankful to him and I was also thankful to be done with school! 	It was, I was so thankful to him and I was also thankful to be done with school! 	Well, it's good to have you join the workforce in society. You seem like a positive person who can contribute well. Hopefully you find a passion that utilizes your hard-earned degree.
1	I woke up one night and realized that a roach crawled on my arm. I jumped up screaming before I killed it.	I woke up one night and realized that a roach crawled on my arm. I jumped up screaming before I killed it.	Yikes! I'd have jumped too.
7	I have been researching for a job interview allweek [SEP] What kind of job? [SEP] It's in a call center	It's in a call center	I wish you the best of luck!
1	I wore the same dress my mother wore at her wedding to my own. [SEP] did you like that? i find reusing dresses very combinient [SEP] I loved having such a treasured piece of my mother with me.	I loved having such a treasured piece of my mother with me.	that is really nice, i still have my wedding dress
0	I always let drivers perpendicular to me cut in when there is a line behind me. Show some love, right? [SEP] Yea man, that's good karma! [SEP] Free karma in my eyes plus I always try to imagine if I was them. I would be so happy if a stranger let me cut in!	Free karma in my eyes plus I always try to imagine if I was them. I would be so happy if a stranger let me cut in!	Me too. Its always the worst when you are trying to get into the carpool line.
4	my dog died.  [SEP] Oh that's so rough. I had a dog die a few years ago and it was traumatic. [SEP] I had her for 10 years. [SEP] How did she die? [SEP] She had cancer.	She had cancer.	I'm sorry. At least she isn't suffering anymore.
5	My girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. She's hearing a lot of "no's." She's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and I'm worried it will be another no. Trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any.	My girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. She's hearing a lot of "no's." She's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and I'm worried it will be another no. Trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any.	That is tough. I would just make sure everything is nice and clean around the house so she can just unwind. Maybe make a nice dinner and do the dishes after.
6	Someone wrecked my car the other day. I'm so mad.	Someone wrecked my car the other day. I'm so mad.	Oh that's awful! Will insurance cover it?
7	I feel so at ease right now with life, finally after all the hecticness.  [SEP] That's good you're getting a break! Life is much more rough as an adult than I thought it would be as a kid. [SEP] for sure they really dont prepare you enough for it. 	for sure they really dont prepare you enough for it. 	No kidding! I'm glad things are good for you now - rest, relax, and enjoy!
7	I have been hired to help professors with their classes. It was a long interview process but I was sure I could get it. [SEP] You must have been very hopeful about your prospects!  [SEP] I was, I love education and this is a good step for me.	I was, I love education and this is a good step for me.	I am happy for you that you are pursuing your passion.
5	I wanted to buy the Nintendo Switch from the store but they were sold out. [SEP] sorry about that, did you try checking on another store? [SEP] They were sold out everywhere. I was so angry about it.	They were sold out everywhere. I was so angry about it.	am sorry, maybe you should wait until they are restocked
6	My girlfriend came home with a giant box today. I have no idea what she was planning.	My girlfriend came home with a giant box today. I have no idea what she was planning.	Is it your birthday?
2	When the Las Vegas Shooting happened, I was so emotional and sad. [SEP] I know it was terrible. Are you from vegas?  [SEP] I have family there  I hate when stuff like that happens.	I have family there  I hate when stuff like that happens.	ugh well i hope no one in your family was affected 
5	I was the one who stole the camera from the studio. [SEP] Hey you should give that back [SEP] Yes but I sold it already.	Yes but I sold it already.	Hey you should give the money back
1	I recently started working out daily and I was so anxious my first day. [SEP] Oh that's a great habit to have. Did you go to the gym? [SEP] Yes i got 5 days a week now.	Yes i got 5 days a week now.	Wow that's a great accomplishment! I need to get back to the gym too.
3	I have everything I have ever wanted. [SEP] That must be a great feeling. [SEP] It is and I don't want anything to change.	It is and I don't want anything to change.	Hopefully you can keep it that way.
7	I don't drink anymore and I'm careful about new medications.	I don't drink anymore and I'm careful about new medications.	Congratulations! That's probably a health choice that you've made.
1	I am so proud of my grandson!  [SEP] aww, any reason in particular? [SEP] He has just learned how to ride his bike all on his own without the training wheels! He is growing up so fast. 	He has just learned how to ride his bike all on his own without the training wheels! He is growing up so fast. 	that is so exciting! good for him!
7	I will begin my first day of work on Monday and I think I'm ready for it. [SEP] that's good, the first week is always the hardest, but it get's easier and funnier as time goes by [SEP] Yes, you are right. That is what I am hoping it will go like. Fingers crossed.	Yes, you are right. That is what I am hoping it will go like. Fingers crossed.	best of luck to you! i hope everything goes well 
7	I felt very joyful when I got into a college that I really wanted to go to, plus my friends were there already.	I felt very joyful when I got into a college that I really wanted to go to, plus my friends were there already.	Ah, congratulations! What a GREAT feeling. Are y'all all still good friends?
4	My mom just called and told my my grandma has cancer	My mom just called and told my my grandma has cancer	Wow I am so sorry to hear that, my grandmother passed from cancer about 10 years ago
5	MY sister got fired recently. I was happy [SEP] Wow, that can be stressful, Why were you happy? [SEP] She really hated the job. Now she can find something better.	She really hated the job. Now she can find something better.	Maybe she should have just quit! but i hope the best for her in the future.
6	I wish my husband didn't have to go on his business trip today.	I wish my husband didn't have to go on his business trip today.	where is he going and for how long?
7	When I was outside I saw a black cat cross the street. I am superstitious and am now scared something bad will happen to me. [SEP] I believe in that too.  [SEP] Well I will have to be very careful when I do things. I don't want to get injured or anything like that.	Well I will have to be very careful when I do things. I don't want to get injured or anything like that.	Well it think there is a time frame on the bad luck though
0	My uncle was a drunk but i still loved him, he died walking to by beer and the irony is he got hit by a drunk driver that always makes me feel sad thinking about it 	My uncle was a drunk but i still loved him, he died walking to by beer and the irony is he got hit by a drunk driver that always makes me feel sad thinking about it 	I don't know if I should laugh or cry or both on the one lol
1	I signed up to do a lot of food for a family reunion next weekend. I have to start getting supplies now for sure! [SEP] That is a lot of work! But I bet the reunion will be fun.  [SEP] My family's reunions are incredibly memorable. I volunteered for a lot of desserts so I think it's fair to get started this weekend. I want to be ready. [SEP] Yum, I love making and also eating desserts! Do you have a specialty? [SEP] I'm glad you asked! I make a mean german chocolate cake everyone raves about. It makes me feel good to help out.	I'm glad you asked! I make a mean german chocolate cake everyone raves about. It makes me feel good to help out.	Oh that's one of my faves. My go to is cheesecake. 
7	I have such a great family	I have such a great family	That's good to hear, one of the best advantages you can have in life
0	These days I'm trusting my intuition and following my gut to achieve my goals.  They've gotten me this far and haven't let me down yet	These days I'm trusting my intuition and following my gut to achieve my goals.  They've gotten me this far and haven't let me down yet	your intuition seems to be trustful and the right way to go
2	I cant wait for this weekend. Me and some friend are going camping for my birthday. Its going to be so much fun.	I cant wait for this weekend. Me and some friend are going camping for my birthday. Its going to be so much fun.	Oh, I bet that is going to be fun
1	I just started painting again after taking a break for years. 	I just started painting again after taking a break for years. 	i love art if thats what you mean , i started taking painting classes recently 
2	We were driving and suddenly our car stopped working in the middle of the freeway. It was shocking, and our hazard lights weren't working. [SEP] That is terrible! I hope no one got hurt.  [SEP] We were safe! Thankfully someone was able to tow us away quickly.	We were safe! Thankfully someone was able to tow us away quickly.	That's good. Hopefully your car got fixed as well. 
3	I think I need to make a doctor's appointment, but I don't want to do it. [SEP] why not? if it will possibly get you better [SEP] That's true.  I've just had these headaches, and they're kind of scary.	That's true.  I've just had these headaches, and they're kind of scary.	might as well find out now before it get worse
1	I was lonely on Monday. I was sick all day [SEP] Do you feel better now? [SEP] Much much better	Much much better	That's good It's sucks when you have to take care of yourself when you don't feel well.
8	Steve Irwin's death was kind of a shock to me since he was like a childhood hero of mine...that guy gave so much to the world, it's such a tragedy [SEP] Yeah....But his daughter is doing pretty well at least almost ending up like him. [SEP] I haven't seen or heard too much about her...does she even do half the crazy stuff her dad did?	I haven't seen or heard too much about her...does she even do half the crazy stuff her dad did?	Well she is still pretty young and learning to handle animals probably be like her father sooner or later./
0	I had way too many beers last night, and stayed up a lot later than I had planned. [SEP] Oh wow, what time did you end up getting to bed? [SEP] Probably just before 6am, and I had to wake up for work at 9:30, so needless to say, I called out this morning. 	Probably just before 6am, and I had to wake up for work at 9:30, so needless to say, I called out this morning. 	I know the feeling too well! Hopefully you get a good's night rest tonight. 
7	I went on a job interview friday, and I think it went well. [SEP] oh cool.. Is it in the field you like? [SEP] Same thing i'm doing now (IT)	Same thing i'm doing now (IT)	Good for you :) I wish and pray you get it buddy
3	My friends dad past away, it was hard on her and the rest of her family. I ended up putting together one of them food trains to help them out	My friends dad past away, it was hard on her and the rest of her family. I ended up putting together one of them food trains to help them out	Good job. That can be really tough to go through that.
0	I listened to some old music I used to listen to recently. It literally made me feel like I was reliving the past! [SEP] Music can do that to you sometimes. I listen to mine regularly. [SEP] You know how they say sound and smell are the senses that are used to remember memories the most? That is so true.	You know how they say sound and smell are the senses that are used to remember memories the most? That is so true.	I would agree with that 100%
6	I had no roommate my first year of freshman year of college which got quite old	I had no roommate my first year of freshman year of college which got quite old	ok how did you manage the situation?
4	I feel like I have let my family down. I got into trouble with the law.  [SEP] Oh that's not good. What did you do?  [SEP] I lied to the cops about something I was questioned about. Truthfully, I didn't want other people to get into trouble. But instead, I was charged with making false statements to the police. 	I lied to the cops about something I was questioned about. Truthfully, I didn't want other people to get into trouble. But instead, I was charged with making false statements to the police. 	I'm sorry you are going through that. Sometimes telling the truth is the best, even if other people might get in trouble.
3	I just lost my job. It really sucks	I just lost my job. It really sucks	I'm sorry to hear that, hopefully you qualify for unemployment while you get back on your feet.
6	I got an interview for a job way above what I thought I was qualified for	I got an interview for a job way above what I thought I was qualified for	That is great news. How did the interview go?
7	I am so thrilled that I scored some concert tickets to a surprise performance.  [SEP] That so cool! For what band? [SEP] The Strokes are playing this show on the fly in a month. It's so cool!	The Strokes are playing this show on the fly in a month. It's so cool!	I love the Strokes! Julian is my favorite singer!
2	I am getting married tomorrow. So pumped!	I am getting married tomorrow. So pumped!	Whoa I hope you guys have a great honeymoon. Make sure to treat your fiancee right!
0	i should stop paying them, they do not prepare my lawn right for me [SEP] That is not cool, I would cancel immediately [SEP] they come and spend 15 minutes and leave	they come and spend 15 minutes and leave	Oh, yeah you should definitely cancel in that case
8	I took a test last week and I'm still waiting on the results to come in. [SEP] That can be very stressful. I hope you did well. [SEP] Me too. I'm not going to be able to relax until the scores come in.	Me too. I'm not going to be able to relax until the scores come in.	I might try listening to some calming music. Stress can have a negative impact on your health.
2	I love the Dallas Cowboys! [SEP] What do you love about football season? (They're football right?) [SEP] Yes, they are the best.  I am optimistic they will do well this season.	Yes, they are the best.  I am optimistic they will do well this season.	Wonderful! Good luck, I hope they win.
8	The other day I won $100 on a scratch off lottery ticket and I couldn't believe my luck [SEP] I haven't won on a ticket in a long time, but I once one $300!! Spend it on anything fun? [SEP] I was shocked!  I am currently saving up money for a vacation, so it all just went towards that 	I was shocked!  I am currently saving up money for a vacation, so it all just went towards that 	Hey that's still fun! I spent mine on paying off a credit card in part, which is boring but lead to more money in the long run.
2	I am sure my neighbor will return my lawnmower in it's original condition.	I am sure my neighbor will return my lawnmower in it's original condition.	Let's hope so.
3	I had a notification that I was eligible to receive a $1000 reward from one of the cards I use. I just had to wait and see what the outcome was in a few weeks. [SEP] That sounds like a great deal. Get the money and do something great with it. [SEP] It would be great, but the wait is something you can only keep checking back on to see if there has been progress or not!	It would be great, but the wait is something you can only keep checking back on to see if there has been progress or not!	Hopefully all goes well. We could use a little cash.
8	Was grocery shopping, and saw my old best fried in the dairy aisle. Haven't spoken to them in like ten years, even though we used to be really close. We caught up a little bit, and exchanged numbers to talk more later. Funny how small the world is sometimes. [SEP] yes dude the world is a trip, i made many friends over the years online and when i bump into them i make sure i go up to them and chit chat and shake hands, you never know when someone will pass away ,  [SEP] That's actually a really good point.. I do online gaming, so I have tons of online friends, almost all of which I'm sure I'll never meet. And I definitely have lost touch with most of them, just because it's so easy to. I don't really do social media either, so I don't have that to kind of glue things together. Wonder why it's hard for adults to keep friends	That's actually a really good point.. I do online gaming, so I have tons of online friends, almost all of which I'm sure I'll never meet. And I definitely have lost touch with most of them, just because it's so easy to. I don't really do social media either, so I don't have that to kind of glue things together. Wonder why it's hard for adults to keep friends	i have in real life friends , and a regular job , but because of back problems and sciatica ive made many friends online i consider to be like brothers social media has let me make relationships while in bed lol
6	I'm leaving for vacation soon! I'm so pumped! It can't come soon enough!	I'm leaving for vacation soon! I'm so pumped! It can't come soon enough!	Yes! Vacation. Where ya headed?
5	I just moved to a new city for work recently. I don't know anybody here and am just stuck by myself at home.	I just moved to a new city for work recently. I don't know anybody here and am just stuck by myself at home.	I think you should get out and explore.  I'm in a similar situation--moved to South Texas with zero connections/family to jumpstart my business...and I've met some pretty amazing people
8	We dont have a fence but I know my dog will stay in the yard	We dont have a fence but I know my dog will stay in the yard	I wouldn't be so sure of that. Even the best trained dogs can run when given a reason.
6	i did something horrible	i did something horrible	Oh no!  What happened?
3	I got called into the bosses office last week.	I got called into the bosses office last week.	Wow, hope it wasn't serious.
1	I can't believe Matt Ryan got 30 million. [SEP] That's a large amount of money! [SEP] Yes highest paid in the league.	Yes highest paid in the league.	He is a Superbowl caliber QB, so I guess he deserves it.
7	My husband shocked me when he bought me a new kitten for my birthday! It is so cute! [SEP] Oh, lucky you! What's his or her name?  [SEP] Her name is Smoky!  My husband knows how badly I've been wanting a kitten. It was sweet!	Her name is Smoky!  My husband knows how badly I've been wanting a kitten. It was sweet!	That's so wonderful. My boyfriend has a cat named Smoke (I call him Smok) that I love sooo much. Good luck!
3	I am really praying that I get a promotion at work! I need the extra money and my boss knows I want it badly!	I am really praying that I get a promotion at work! I need the extra money and my boss knows I want it badly!	I hope you get it too!  Best of luck!  We all could use extra money in the pocket!
3	It really sucked, since a month ago I was dating this girl and she dumped me so early on. [SEP] I'm so sorry.  Are you okay? [SEP] Yeah I'm fine. Just sucks that she basically just dumped me because she found another guy on Tinder.	Yeah I'm fine. Just sucks that she basically just dumped me because she found another guy on Tinder.	Oh goodness, you will find someone better.
3	We had some limbs fall recently from storms and I've had to work hard to clean it all up.	We had some limbs fall recently from storms and I've had to work hard to clean it all up.	I hope it didn't damage your house or anything on your property!
5	My friend couldn't make it for Thanksgiving last year. My family and I felt let down about it. [SEP] Sometimes things come up. It's hard to travel during the holidays. Especially if your friend has kids. [SEP] That's true and although I do understand his reasons, it didn't change how deflated we felt about it. We really looked forward to their visit.	That's true and although I do understand his reasons, it didn't change how deflated we felt about it. We really looked forward to their visit.	Maybe this year will be different.
2	My son said his first word today! [SEP] That's great! What was it? [SEP] He said "money"! I couldn't believe my ears!	He said "money"! I couldn't believe my ears!	He will be rich one day!
5	I had three interviews in the past month for a job. Unfortunately, none has called me back. Very disappointed in myself for being so clumsy and incapable [SEP] Keep trying, never give up. [SEP] I don't know. I am trying to cope with these challenges. I am not sure how far i can go on like this	I don't know. I am trying to cope with these challenges. I am not sure how far i can go on like this	Maybe you should go to a temp agency.
5	i walked out of the store today without paying for an item on the bottom ofmy cart [SEP] Did anyone notice? [SEP] no..i noticed when i got the the car but it was a case of soda.felt bad but didnt say anything	no..i noticed when i got the the car but it was a case of soda.felt bad but didnt say anything	Maybe it's Karma - you deserved free soda
8	When I see a bunch of cute girls dancing at the club I try not to start hitting on all of them at the same time...I wait til the one who's been dancing the craziest and most sensual finishes dancing then I start chatting her up after [SEP] Oh, how do they go for that? [SEP] ...what [SEP] Do they like you doing that? [SEP] Every time.	Every time.	I do not believe that
0	I was going through an old photo album. It brought back so many memories.  [SEP] I know how that could be, an old trip down memory lane can make you reflect on so much.  [SEP] I agree, I fondly remember my childhood and got a blast of nostalgia looking at those photos.	I agree, I fondly remember my childhood and got a blast of nostalgia looking at those photos.	That is wonderful.  I think that I will take a look at a few of my photo albums and get that feeling too. 
3	I recently was very shocked and happy to find my husband had cleaned the entire house [SEP] That was sweet of him!  Were you shocked because that's something that never happens? [SEP] Yes! I was out with some friends and have never come home to a house being so clean after an outing with friends!	Yes! I was out with some friends and have never come home to a house being so clean after an outing with friends!	I guess you need to go out more often so he can keep surprising you.
2	so last night my football team lost it was awful	so last night my football team lost it was awful	Sports Fan are you !  I've lost many bets / honey do challenges to my football team as well ! I hope you feel better.
6	my kids get on my nerves when it comes to dinner time	my kids get on my nerves when it comes to dinner time	Uh oh! Are they picky?
2	This week is a big week for me at my job.  [SEP] Do you think it will be good news or bad news?  [SEP]  I should find out if I get a bonus or not. I am hoping its good news!	 I should find out if I get a bonus or not. I am hoping its good news!	Very exciting. I hope you get it.
3	I was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day [SEP] I hope you were no too upset.  The odd of winning are super low! [SEP] all i need is a chance and im good with that	all i need is a chance and im good with that	That is a good outlook to have.  A little chance is better than no chance!
6	I'm looking forward to going home and relaxing on the couch.	I'm looking forward to going home and relaxing on the couch.	Sounds wonderful!  Nothing better than putting your feet up at the end of the day.  Think you might watch some tv?
7	today was a great day. my nephew was born	today was a great day. my nephew was born	Congratulations! You must be very happy. Have you met him yet?
2	My son is amazing! He's been in the National Guard for 9 years and is a Sargent now.  [SEP] Wow!! That is amazing! Good for him. You must be really proud and you have every right to be! :)  [SEP] Yes, I am. He is an awesome son. 	Yes, I am. He is an awesome son. 	I bet he is! :) 
0	I'm never usually home by myself, but a few weeks ago I was.  There were these men running up and down our street just screaming and yelling.	I'm never usually home by myself, but a few weeks ago I was.  There were these men running up and down our street just screaming and yelling.	That's terrifying!  I had that happen near me before too.  Two guys screaming at each other arguing in the road.  I'm glad you're okay.  
0	I wont forget watching my car on fire. 	I wont forget watching my car on fire. 	You wouldn't believe that's happened to me too!
8	Recent debt accumulation had my credit score see a significant decline. I am afraid it would hurt my chances of applying for a new credit card [SEP] That sucks, hopefully you can come back from that [SEP] To be honest, i have invested considerable amount in cryptocurrency market. I am hopeful for them to lift me out of financial burdensome	To be honest, i have invested considerable amount in cryptocurrency market. I am hopeful for them to lift me out of financial burdensome	That is usually pretty unlikely but I'm rooting for you.
6	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	Why were you irked?
7	i felt bad when i couldnt buy a gift my daughter wanted the other day [SEP] ah, bummer [SEP] yes, i need to work harder i guess	yes, i need to work harder i guess	probably, yeah. good luck
7	I got a lot of vacation time off from work this summer. [SEP] That must have been so relaxing! [SEP] Yes, it felt really good. I'm already looking forward to next summer! haha	Yes, it felt really good. I'm already looking forward to next summer! haha	I wish summer would never end.
5	I remember eating Cracker Jacks as a kid. [SEP] Oh man, I forgot about Cracker Jacks.  I always looked for the prize [SEP] I know right!  Those were the good old days.	I know right!  Those were the good old days.	It always makes me think about baseball when I think of Cracker Jacks
6	I am always super amazed when people have real talent	I am always super amazed when people have real talent	What talents do you speak of?
1	i bought all my school supplies for this semester already. I think I am good to go [SEP] you are prepared more than ever ! [SEP] i hope so! I'm ready to kick butt	i hope so! I'm ready to kick butt	that's the spirit! always believe in yourself!
0	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away [SEP] I know exactly how you feel. Sometimes it is for the best if they are suffering though. [SEP] that is true, still hurts a lot	that is true, still hurts a lot	Oh definitely. I can say that it does get better with time. 
6	I stubbed my toe last night	I stubbed my toe last night	Ouch! Are you okay?
4	I cry every time I think of my grandmother.	I cry every time I think of my grandmother.	I'm sorry to hear that. Why do you think that is? Is it a painful or happy memory?
3	I just picked up a 6-pack at the grocery store but I am not a happy camper. [SEP] Why not?  How can you not be happy with a 6-pack? [SEP] I got charged for a 24 pack!!	I got charged for a 24 pack!!	That's insane, I hope you plan on returning that ASAP!
0	I opened my front door and saw a big snake, I immediately slammed the door and went back in.	I opened my front door and saw a big snake, I immediately slammed the door and went back in.	That is so scary. I don't know what I would have done,
2	When I won the honor society president election I was so confident in myself!	When I won the honor society president election I was so confident in myself!	I bet so. I've never done anything like that before.
0	The kids wanted me to take them skating but I just didn't feel like it. So I told them I had something else to do. Later I felt bad for doing this. [SEP] I understand. Did you finally took them skating? [SEP] No, that's why I felt so bad.	No, that's why I felt so bad.	I understand. Those things happened.
3	I was scared the other night when I heard several gunshots in a row.	I was scared the other night when I heard several gunshots in a row.	Oh wow, I hope you are fine!
2	I got a makeover and bought fashionable clothes for the date	I got a makeover and bought fashionable clothes for the date	Oh that sound like a lot of fun!! Hope your date ended up being worth all that work.
5	i miss when i was in grade school, i didn't have to pay bills and worry about politics. The good old days [SEP] i understand, life can do that to you, and looking back always bring fond memories [SEP] yeah it really does man.	yeah it really does man.	just think, today will be tomorrow's memories when looking back
3	I went out and bought a lottery ticket last thursday. [SEP] That's always fun. Did you win any money? [SEP] Of course I did not, I will always try.	Of course I did not, I will always try.	Oh darn. Better luck next time.
8	I've recently started volunteering at a homeless shelter. I have to say it is one of the most rewarding decisions I have ever made in life. [SEP] That's a wonderful thing to do. What kind of tasks do you do there? [SEP] We help make sure they are well fed and have a warm place to sleep. We also get to spend  a lot of time socializing with them as well. Some of the sweetest people in the world. Makes it difficult to imagine what could have caused their situation.	We help make sure they are well fed and have a warm place to sleep. We also get to spend  a lot of time socializing with them as well. Some of the sweetest people in the world. Makes it difficult to imagine what could have caused their situation.	I'm sure they appreciate having people to talk to who don't judge them negatively. We have a little "tent city" in our neighborhood and it was just announced that they're going to be removed. That makes me sad because there is a lack of shelters.
2	I received a full ride scholarship to my dream school. I was so happy. [SEP] Wow, that sounds amazing. I would have died and gone to heaven if I had gotten one. [SEP] I cried, jumped, and screamed all at the same time.	I cried, jumped, and screamed all at the same time.	I cried, jumped, and screamed... when I got my first student loan bill! Congrats on the good work though!
3	I learned a new trick to putting up a ladder that I wanted to try out at our countywide training the other day. [SEP] How did it go? [SEP] Not too well.  I ended up dropping it which was really loud.  I could feel all the eyes on me.	Not too well.  I ended up dropping it which was really loud.  I could feel all the eyes on me.	Oh no! I hope you didn't feel too humiliated.
5	I killed my family and fed them to the pigs	I killed my family and fed them to the pigs	You should be arrested for this.
0	I recently applied to medical school.  I really want to be a surgeon [SEP] That is great!  Are you nervous about whether or not you will get into med school? [SEP] I'm trying to be optimistic about it.  My professors all said I should have no problems getting in	I'm trying to be optimistic about it.  My professors all said I should have no problems getting in	That's good to know!  I would be super excited if I were you!
4	My brother got hit with a DUI the other night. His wife said that was the last straw, as she was tired of his drinking. She kicked him out and now he's living with me. I feel so terrible for everyone involved, especially because they have two kids	My brother got hit with a DUI the other night. His wife said that was the last straw, as she was tired of his drinking. She kicked him out and now he's living with me. I feel so terrible for everyone involved, especially because they have two kids	sorry to hear that, my brother has a drinking problem too, and has kids, i love him but at this point we are more focused on the kids , i tell him if you get locked up who is gonna raise the girls , of course we are but still they need a father 
4	My mom lost her battle with cancer, I was prepared for it but it still hurts so bad.	My mom lost her battle with cancer, I was prepared for it but it still hurts so bad.	I am so sorry to hear that! Cancer is such a horrible disease.
2	I had surgery a few weeks ago. It was tough, but my friends really helped out. [SEP] Oh my, what did you have surgery for? [SEP] My knee. But what's important is that my friends brought over dinner for a week so I wouldn't have to cook. They're really wonderful and I'm very lucky to have them as friends.	My knee. But what's important is that my friends brought over dinner for a week so I wouldn't have to cook. They're really wonderful and I'm very lucky to have them as friends.	That's really nice! I hope you recover really quick!
6	Ahhhh I wish I was 18 again.. Things were so different back then..	Ahhhh I wish I was 18 again.. Things were so different back then..	In what ways do you mean?
1	I never want to lose my unquenchable lust for success...I love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and I never want to lose it	I never want to lose my unquenchable lust for success...I love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and I never want to lose it	you sound so motivated, that's really great! I believe in you
6	I had picked out some school shoes for my daughter the other day and was waiting for my check to hit the bank so that I could order them.	I had picked out some school shoes for my daughter the other day and was waiting for my check to hit the bank so that I could order them.	Did the check end up hitting in time?
6	There was hair in my soup, and the owner wouldn't take responsibility.	There was hair in my soup, and the owner wouldn't take responsibility.	Oh gross! What restaurant?
1	I was super shocked when I did well on my math final, thought i bombed it hard [SEP] I have had way too many close calls on my finals. How did you do? [SEP] I got a 50ish which was like a C in my class and easily passed, was super happy and shocked	I got a 50ish which was like a C in my class and easily passed, was super happy and shocked	Nice! Good to hear that things worked out for you in the end!
1	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter the gift she wanted [SEP] i would have also. we always want to give our kids the best [SEP] yea but sometimes we cant!	yea but sometimes we cant!	yes, unfortunately it happens
8	when i heard what cosby did it made so angry, i loved him as a child	when i heard what cosby did it made so angry, i loved him as a child	Yea he did some foul things to those people.
6	I wish there will be more opportunities at work to make more money	I wish there will be more opportunities at work to make more money	I hear you! Have you thought about starting a side business?
7	I hate trying to apply for jobs, putting so much effort into it, and then not getting any sort of response back. It's like, yeah, okay, I understand if you can't hire me, but can you at least tell me that you're denying me, and maybe why, too? [SEP] I think we're just another number for them. [SEP] Yeah, I'm starting to feel that way. How long ago was it that you had to do a job hunt?	Yeah, I'm starting to feel that way. How long ago was it that you had to do a job hunt?	I'm actually doing one now. Need better pay. I wish us both the best of luck.
5	I  my ex and I are done for good [SEP] I'm sorry. How long have you been together ? [SEP] 8 years. That a long time, but we just weren't getting along. I miss hime now	8 years. That a long time, but we just weren't getting along. I miss hime now	Well, maybe it's for the best if you can move on.
2	I got into an argument with my mom since we really need money and she wants me to get a job. [SEP] Aww.  How do you feel about that? [SEP] I was already looking for jobs at the time so the argument really annoyed me.	I was already looking for jobs at the time so the argument really annoyed me.	Yeah I bet.  Hey at least you're out there trying.  That's all you can really do.
5	i cleaned my parents attic and found all my old kids toys!	i cleaned my parents attic and found all my old kids toys!	Nice! That must be so much fun to see all that stuff again. Maybe they are collectors items now.
6	I have a difficult falling asleep before a job interview	I have a difficult falling asleep before a job interview	Do you get to anxious about it?
5	My wife was asleep and i ate her leftovers [SEP] That sounds like a win!  Did she get mad? [SEP] she doesnt know yet... but she will be pissed	she doesnt know yet... but she will be pissed	This just happened?  Oh boy!  maybe you can replace it before she gets up.
0	Hello! I just got a new neighbor who seems very nice. I have to leave town for a bit, and they offered to watch after my pets. I'm going out on a limb doing this but I've accepted their offer. [SEP] That sounds risky but at the same time if it works out convenient!  [SEP] Yeah the convenience is certainly weighing heavily on my decision making, but they seemed nice and they have pets of their own. I hope it works out.	Yeah the convenience is certainly weighing heavily on my decision making, but they seemed nice and they have pets of their own. I hope it works out.	I am sure it will be fine!  It's not like you don't know where they live haha
0	My dog, which I had for about 15 years passed away last week. I miss her so much. My home feels empty without her around. [SEP] That is so sad. I am sorry. Losing a pet is so hard. They are family. [SEP] That's spot on, she felt like a family member. I'm not sure if I'll ever be able to have another pet.	That's spot on, she felt like a family member. I'm not sure if I'll ever be able to have another pet.	I know the feeling. The thought of replacing them seems impossible. Only time will tell if you are ever ready for another.
4	I had a really upsetting dream last night.  [SEP] i hate when that happens. my dreams are always so vivid they feel real. [SEP] Yeah this one was really upsetting because I was giving a presentation at work. And I was naked.  [SEP] oh my word. that is like a nightmare not a bad dream. [SEP] Yeah it was terrible. 	Yeah it was terrible. 	i'm so sorry you had to go thru that.
7	I did not get my paycheck cleared before the weekend. I was pretty mad at myself [SEP] That would be disappointing. What will you do? [SEP] I will have to be wise with money until monday I guess	I will have to be wise with money until monday I guess	That's too bad. Good luck with that.
7	My friends threw a party for me when I got promoted at work. I couldn't believe it.	My friends threw a party for me when I got promoted at work. I couldn't believe it.	Wow that's awesome. Congratulations
1	Halloween is coming soon, that means there will be haunted houses! [SEP] How fun! Are you dressing up? [SEP] I am, I'm kinda nervous though because I don't want to be TOO scared.	I am, I'm kinda nervous though because I don't want to be TOO scared.	Yeah some are a little too intense
0	I can't believe she left me. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. How long were you together? [SEP] 2 years. We worked on it.	2 years. We worked on it.	Well, hang in there. I know it sucks but eventually the right person will come along
5	When I was a wee lad, I was always afraid of going to sleep. Always thought there was a big ole scary monster lurking in the closet. [SEP] I used to think that too. I could sleep if it wasn't closed all the way [SEP] I know, right!?! I swear I saw bigfoot a couple of times, but my parents never believed me. Now he is out roaming around the Pacific Northwest somewhere.	I know, right!?! I swear I saw bigfoot a couple of times, but my parents never believed me. Now he is out roaming around the Pacific Northwest somewhere.	And you could have caught him in the closet!!!
4	I cant stop thinking about my grandmother. She passed away recently and it hurts to think about.	I cant stop thinking about my grandmother. She passed away recently and it hurts to think about.	I'm sorry to hear that. I lost mine recently also.
4	Had HELLP syndrom with first child. Spent all 9 months being pregnant with 2nd child worrying about the same thing happening.	Had HELLP syndrom with first child. Spent all 9 months being pregnant with 2nd child worrying about the same thing happening.	What is HELLP? I'm sorry you and your baby had to go through that.
7	I just got a raise at work. [SEP] That is great!  It is always nice when hard work is rewarded. [SEP] Absolutely! I am so happy about it!	Absolutely! I am so happy about it!	Well congratulations!  That is a good way to start the work week.
2	At the school honor roll program my niece was given a special recognition award for being such a good helper to her teacher. I thought my heart would burst, I was really feeling it. [SEP] Good Job to her! I bet you were so proud of her! [SEP] She is such a good kid, I could not be happier.	She is such a good kid, I could not be happier.	Thats so good.I bet your overjoyed about it
4	The %4.1 US GDP growth for this year that was revealed is truly unbelievable. Who could have imagined such a number [SEP] I did not know that it was that high! That's amazing. [SEP] I think Trump is truly delivering on his campaign promises and everybody is really surprised	I think Trump is truly delivering on his campaign promises and everybody is really surprised	I guess so, and I am not even a Trump supporter.
5	The weather tomorrow has me down. Its going to rain and I wanted to go hikinh	The weather tomorrow has me down. Its going to rain and I wanted to go hikinh	Oh that sucks! Maybe you can go the next day.
7	my friends uncle died last year [SEP] Oh. I'm sorry to hear that. Did you know him well? [SEP] kind of it was quite sad	kind of it was quite sad	Yeah - it can be upsetting
7	My friend John was just hired for a 150,000 dollar job.	My friend John was just hired for a 150,000 dollar job.	Oh, wow! Congratulations to him!!
6	I went a bunch of job interviews last week. I have a good feeling that I will land something soon. [SEP] Yes! I bet it will, did you go in and kill it? [SEP] I feel like I did. I should hear something soon.	I feel like I did. I should hear something soon.	What is the job, will you like it?
4	One night I came home and caught my wife sleeping with my best friend	One night I came home and caught my wife sleeping with my best friend	Whoa!  I'm sorry to hear that.  Did you want to kill the guy?
0	I need to buy a new phone soon, I've been having this one for so long. But I'm having a hard time letting go, I'm sort of attached to it. [SEP] Is there not an upgraded version? [SEP] There is, but it's more of an attachment to this specific phone itself. I've had it for so long. It feels like an old friend!	There is, but it's more of an attachment to this specific phone itself. I've had it for so long. It feels like an old friend!	Oh. I know what you mean. I am like that with shoes. I always change my phone
1	I love camping! I'm going down to the beach this weekend and going to sleep out there for a couple of days!	I love camping! I'm going down to the beach this weekend and going to sleep out there for a couple of days!	That is awesome and sounds like so much fun! What are you most excited for?
4	I am depressed most of the time. Im going to therapy and taking meds. I feel like im broken	I am depressed most of the time. Im going to therapy and taking meds. I feel like im broken	Oh I'm sorry that you are going through that. Have you discussed changing your medication up with your doctor?
0	So lucky to have my dad.	So lucky to have my dad.	You certainly are lucky to have a dad, me too!
2	Girlfriend forgot her lunch, about to go bring it to her. It's going to seem like I'm doing something really nice, but I wasn't doing anything important anyway. Would rather her not have to inconvenience herself since she's at work	Girlfriend forgot her lunch, about to go bring it to her. It's going to seem like I'm doing something really nice, but I wasn't doing anything important anyway. Would rather her not have to inconvenience herself since she's at work	Hey it's a win win! You get the nice points and she gets her lunch! 
4	I lost all my savings in Vegas last week because of my gambling problem.	I lost all my savings in Vegas last week because of my gambling problem.	I'm so so sorry to hear that, it can't be easy being in that position. Have you spoken to anyone close to you about it?
3	My son is learning to overcome his speech impediment.  He is working so hard at it. [SEP] What age is he now? [SEP] He is 5 and has trouble with his R's.  I know it is best to get rid of it now, but it is so cute.  But he is amazing for working at it so hard.	He is 5 and has trouble with his R's.  I know it is best to get rid of it now, but it is so cute.  But he is amazing for working at it so hard.	I hope he can get over it soon!
1	I still feel bad about lying to my ex. I just wish it could have ended better [SEP] That is tough. Was it a big lie? [SEP] Yeah, a really big and bad lie	Yeah, a really big and bad lie	You must be feeling pretty guilty. That sucks. 
2	I have to take my cat to the vet later today. I just want him to be okay [SEP] Has he been sick? [SEP] He has been throwing up a little	He has been throwing up a little	I hope he is okay. 
3	I've been feeling so horrible lately and I went to the doctor. [SEP] I'm so sorry to hear that. Any news back yet on what it could be? [SEP] Yes! The doctor determined that I have a thyroid problem and started me on medication. I'm optimistic that I'll be feeling better soon!	Yes! The doctor determined that I have a thyroid problem and started me on medication. I'm optimistic that I'll be feeling better soon!	Excellent! Thyroid issues are easily treatable though they can be a burden to deal with. I hope you feel better as soon as possible!
6	I am going camping this weekend and I bought everything I need well in advance. [SEP] You have to be prepared. [SEP] Yes you do! You can never be too careful these days. There are bears too sometimes, so I need bear spray.	Yes you do! You can never be too careful these days. There are bears too sometimes, so I need bear spray.	IS bear spray a real thing. I have never been camping
6	I have a big certification exam coming up in 3 days and I feel like I'm ready to crush it.	I have a big certification exam coming up in 3 days and I feel like I'm ready to crush it.	What is the certification exam for?
8	I can not believe Prince died.	I can not believe Prince died.	Omg. I was devastated I grew up listening to him.
8	I saw my old room over the summer when I went back home from college. [SEP] Had it changed at all?  I hope not if you are just away for college. [SEP] No it was just the same as I had left it 3 years ago. It hit me with a wave of nostalgia at how much I have grown up.	No it was just the same as I had left it 3 years ago. It hit me with a wave of nostalgia at how much I have grown up.	Yeah it is crazy to see things we used to have in our lives every day years later.  Makes you wish you could go back to those days when everything was so easy.
5	My debit card was blocked and called my bank to resolve the issue. Can you believe it, it took me hours until i could get to a representative. What an unacceptable level of customer service they have	My debit card was blocked and called my bank to resolve the issue. Can you believe it, it took me hours until i could get to a representative. What an unacceptable level of customer service they have	Yikes, maybe it's time to switch banks
3	I had to go to a work conference last week.  I didn't know anyone there, and I really don't like to travel without my family.  It was hard. [SEP] That does sound tough, did it go well at least? [SEP] It went fine.  Work conferences are always pretty boring, but I survived.  Going on vacation with the family next month so I have that to look forward to.	It went fine.  Work conferences are always pretty boring, but I survived.  Going on vacation with the family next month so I have that to look forward to.	That's good, at least you have something fun to look forward to now.
7	"I was offered a job and wasn't sure if I should take it or not. There were a lot of variables in play. [SEP] Is it related to your passion? [SEP] Not really. I was just trying to move into a better position.	Not really. I was just trying to move into a better position.	Yeah, move on till you reach your dream job.
5	My dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather, who died when I was young. [SEP] Cool. What did it look like? [SEP] It's pretty old and worn.  I don't think it's worth much $$$ but it was meaningful anyway [SEP] Are you going to display it? [SEP] I keep it in my jewelry box with my few other precious objects lol	I keep it in my jewelry box with my few other precious objects lol	Well that's nice. Maybe you can pass it don to your kids too
5	My Aunt asked me to look after my baby cousin last week. I think I did well. [SEP] Well done, it must have been quite an experience [SEP] It was. My aunt said I am a good carer because the baby didnt cry once!	It was. My aunt said I am a good carer because the baby didnt cry once!	Maybe the baby is feeling you :) and knows that you two are related
4	The situation was very unfair and I was treated as if I didn't matter after working there for over 5 years	The situation was very unfair and I was treated as if I didn't matter after working there for over 5 years	Wow im sorry to hear that. It sucks when something goes wrong at a job you've been there long
3	I feel bad when I do not make it to church. I know I should be there [SEP] What stops you from going? Being busy with life, or just deep down you just do not want to go [SEP] I get busy or oversleep sometimes	I get busy or oversleep sometimes	Sometimes life does have away with getting away from us
6	Hello!  I decided to try and make dinner from a new recipe. [SEP] Oh I'm so  hungry. What are you cooking up special today ? [SEP] Chicken Alfredo Broccoli Mushroom Bake. I improvised a bit.	Chicken Alfredo Broccoli Mushroom Bake. I improvised a bit.	That sounds so appetizing.  Do you like mainly chicken dishes ?
7	Have you ever let some one borrow you car? [SEP] Yeah, my cousin actually borrowed my car to take his driving test [SEP] I let my brother borrow mine and he brought it back and it looked like it had been wrecked and i got real upset with him.	I let my brother borrow mine and he brought it back and it looked like it had been wrecked and i got real upset with him.	I don't blame you!  He should have been more responsible.
2	So, I opened up my lunchbox today and had a grilled cheese sandwich.	So, I opened up my lunchbox today and had a grilled cheese sandwich.	I bet that tasted good
1	My nieces pet guinea pig died yesterday	My nieces pet guinea pig died yesterday	Oh no, the poor little thing. Your nieces must be devastated.
3	We had a bad storm last night. The power was off until daylight. It was pretty scary being in the dark all night. [SEP] That must have been annoying. [SEP] It was hot but the worse part was how spooky everything is during the night. I could not sleep at all.	It was hot but the worse part was how spooky everything is during the night. I could not sleep at all.	I hope everything is okay now.
1	In the fall, i had a week off and I didn't make any plans because I was pretty broke. My oldest and best childhood friend flew in from where they live in Europe to spend the week with me- they didn't tell me they were coming. It was wonderful! [SEP] oh wow.. where did you all go? [SEP] The best part was just seeing each other- it has been five years. We didn't really do much, all our time was spent chatting. 	The best part was just seeing each other- it has been five years. We didn't really do much, all our time was spent chatting. 	that was so great of your friend
6	I lost a lot of  money at the casino	I lost a lot of  money at the casino	Always gamble in moderation, how much did you lose? Enough to get the hubby mad? 
1	my son did a stupid this that let me ashamed [SEP] What did he do [SEP] he assaulted a pastor of our church 	he assaulted a pastor of our church 	Oh my! That is horrible!
6	My daughter said mommy for the first time the other day! 	My daughter said mommy for the first time the other day! 	that is so beautiful! how old is she? 
5	I am very disappointed at the way the political discourse in our country is going. The major parties are so openly hostile toward each other [SEP] I agreee, and I see no point in it, This is all our country we are all one here, why fight. [SEP] To be honest, my disappointment during this last year has piled up to a level that my future hopes for our politics seems bleak	To be honest, my disappointment during this last year has piled up to a level that my future hopes for our politics seems bleak	very bleak, maybe we will have some sort of saving grace candidate.
3	I am angry that I was fired today/ [SEP] I'm sorry, why did you get fired? [SEP] I was not given a reason.	I was not given a reason.	Things will work out if you stay positive.
2	I recently discovered that a coworker's decision have led to me having a big increase in my workload - it was super disappointing! [SEP] I am very sorry! That is very frustrating! Can you speak with a supervisor about the situation? [SEP] Yes, it was frustrating.  Our supervisor is pretty uninvolved, but I might need to speak with him to prevent this from happening again.	Yes, it was frustrating.  Our supervisor is pretty uninvolved, but I might need to speak with him to prevent this from happening again.	I don't blame you, I would talk to him. Even if he is uninvolved, it is not fair for you to bear the full weight of the tasks at hand. I sure hope he has a solution and the work load eases!
7	I don't drink anymore and I'm careful about new medications. [SEP] Congratulations! That's probably a health choice that you've made. [SEP] I wish it was for health reasons. [SEP] Well, I don't want to pry, but I hope everything is going well for you now and wish you all the best. [SEP] The doctor warned me but I ended up making a fool of myself. 	The doctor warned me but I ended up making a fool of myself. 	Well, the past is in the past. All you can do now is try your best moving forward.
8	I'm so tired of being abused. [SEP] That's terrible that you are being abused. Who is treating you so poorly? [SEP] My girlfriend, she is talking to other guys now.	My girlfriend, she is talking to other guys now.	If you guys are in an exclusive relationship, then that would be considered infidelity. You should leave her and focus on yourself.
3	I cheated on my diet today. 	I cheated on my diet today. 	That's not so bad. Everyone cheats on their diet from time to time. I would just pick up where you left off.
4	We have had some big rain storms this spring and summer. The creek behind my house got in my yard twice. Very scary. [SEP] oh no! that's scary! The house didn't get flooded, right? [SEP] Not this time. But it did a little bit in 2009. and the mud and mess was unbelievably hard to clean up. 	Not this time. But it did a little bit in 2009. and the mud and mess was unbelievably hard to clean up. 	i'm sorry to hear that!
4	My family disowned me a few years ago. I heard that they were going on the annual family lake trip next week. Thinking about it made me really sad as I remembered all of my childhood memories on this trip.	My family disowned me a few years ago. I heard that they were going on the annual family lake trip next week. Thinking about it made me really sad as I remembered all of my childhood memories on this trip.	Awe, I am sorry to hear that. Do you think there will be any chance of a reconciliation?
7	my little brother is my best friend, we always have eachothers backs [SEP] That's nice! It's always nice to have a good relationship with your sibling [SEP] we used to not get along so well, but now we are like joined at the hip	we used to not get along so well, but now we are like joined at the hip	i'm happy for you!
5	My friend was struck by a meteor [SEP] Was his name Joe Dirt? [SEP] Actually... yeah. You know him?	Actually... yeah. You know him?	I think I heard about them in the news.
3	I'm moving to New York soon. [SEP] How exciting for you.  [SEP] I think I can make it there. Its never too lare.	I think I can make it there. Its never too lare.	There's always hope in a new beginning.
6	My girlfriend has left town for the week and I miss her. It is annoying waiting for her return.	My girlfriend has left town for the week and I miss her. It is annoying waiting for her return.	It's really tough, isn't it?  I'm just getting to the end of that with my wife, she's almost back.  What are you going to do with your time?
4	I am excited for the upcoming UFC event this weekend, I already ordered the PPV and am so ready! [SEP] I am not someone who likes that but I [SEP] Yeah, it's a love it or hate it type of sport. To each his own I guess.	Yeah, it's a love it or hate it type of sport. To each his own I guess.	I'm sorry it submitted early. But I'd love to hear why it excites you?
4	We are supposed to get severe thunderstorms tomorrow. [SEP] Oh wow, I love thunderstorms.... though I know they make some people really uncomfortable.  [SEP] I enjoy them if they don't get dangerous. I put together a storm emergency kit just in case.	I enjoy them if they don't get dangerous. I put together a storm emergency kit just in case.	It's always good to be nice and prepared for anything. Better safe than sorry they always say. Good for you.
2	I am afraid my neighbors are causing snakes to come over my way. [SEP] What are they doing to cause you to think that? [SEP] They aren't clean and I've been getting a lot of mice, and snakes follow them I think. [SEP] I have heard that too. You might want to contact your local district. [SEP] good idea	good idea	No problem I hope everything works out
2	I am so excited! I am going to Hawaii next week	I am so excited! I am going to Hawaii next week	That really is something to get excited about! I've never been outside of the country, so I'm jealous of people that get the chance to. I hope you're able to get everything out of the trip that you want to
1	I cried when the Leafs lost in the playoffs. [SEP] sad [SEP] Yep, they lost in Game 7.	Yep, they lost in Game 7.	thats horrible
6	My mom really helps me with so much, I can leave my animals in her care if anything happens to me. That is a relief!	My mom really helps me with so much, I can leave my animals in her care if anything happens to me. That is a relief!	She sounds like a great mother! What kind of animals do you have?
0	Man, don't you hate when you have a test coming up and you procrastinate studying?	Man, don't you hate when you have a test coming up and you procrastinate studying?	Yes.. I have a test coming up and I should be studying right now!  LOL
4	I let my cousin borrow my phone to play games and he lost it! [SEP] That is not good [SEP] I agree, I am so livid right now. It was an expensive phone!	I agree, I am so livid right now. It was an expensive phone!	I am sorry, you will get another one
0	I've been so happy lately, everything seems to finally be falling into place [SEP] That's great. [SEP] We hit a rough patch, things are looking brighter	We hit a rough patch, things are looking brighter	I know how that feels. Its a good feeling to be on the right path finally
4	Last week I found my gold fish floating at the top of the fish tank dead. [SEP] Oh no. That has happened to us so many times. I thought fidh were easy [SEP] I am so hurt over it.  It was 5 years old.	I am so hurt over it.  It was 5 years old.	Wow. Im sorry
2	My grandson is about to go off to college in the big city next week! He's very excitied! I'm a bit nervous about how he'll do overall. [SEP] That's cool. What city? [SEP] Baltimore	Baltimore	Oh sweet. I hope he has a good time in college.
1	I have to make a wedding cake later. [SEP] you must be excited!  [SEP] Yeah, I am so ready to bake it!	Yeah, I am so ready to bake it!	Nice. Im sure you will have lots of fun doing it.
8	I think something bad could happen on my vacation. I should cancel. [SEP] Why? What are you worried about? [SEP] I don't know. An accident? Something catastrophic?	I don't know. An accident? Something catastrophic?	Just try to relax and not worry so much. Yes something bad could happen but there's also a chance nothing goes wrong. Having anxiety about something can be hard to overcome but you can do it :)
3	I was shocked when Nintendo announced Ridley for super smash bros, I had been wanting that for years [SEP] Yeah that was awesome! I feel like they have a less than stellar track record when it comes to fan service. [SEP] I agree on one hand but disagree on the other, sometimes I think their fans are a bit childish, with Smash Bros in particular	I agree on one hand but disagree on the other, sometimes I think their fans are a bit childish, with Smash Bros in particular	I get where you are coming from. Nintendo fans are not easy to please!
1	I have a girlfriend, and I will never cheat on her	I have a girlfriend, and I will never cheat on her	So your saying your faithful and love her.
5	I see this guys at the skate park do a really cool 360 trick on the half pipe last week! [SEP] Wow that sounds awesome.  I always wanted to be able to do that, but I was never any good [SEP] Yeah, I can only hit the little jumps. I'm too much of a beginner to hit the half pipe. The guy was on fire!	Yeah, I can only hit the little jumps. I'm too much of a beginner to hit the half pipe. The guy was on fire!	Maybe one day you will be able to work you way up to being the next Tony Hawk.
4	I am sad ACDC will not be touring this year.	I am sad ACDC will not be touring this year.	I'm sorry, is it because their guitarist died?
8	Caught my daughter sneaking on her laptop late last night [SEP] what was she hiding ? [SEP] i had told her no more tv and so she was watching netflix. She thought she was being clever	i had told her no more tv and so she was watching netflix. She thought she was being clever	that was probably us when we were little lol , my little nieces are the same way and they are such bad actors too
6	i loved taking care of my sisters bearded dragon	i loved taking care of my sisters bearded dragon	Wow, was it difficult? do they eat alot.
7	My daughter just turned 11 and for her birthday we are taking her to Universal Studios for the first time. She is finally tall enough to ride all the rides.	My daughter just turned 11 and for her birthday we are taking her to Universal Studios for the first time. She is finally tall enough to ride all the rides.	happy riding to your daughter
6	I've been having to deal with me and my wife's new business and it's been kind of stressful. [SEP] My husband owns a business and its also stressful. What kind of business did yall start? [SEP] A spiritual service business.	A spiritual service business.	Oh . What do you do for that?
2	My good friend doesnt have a car right now. I lent him mine to use in the evenings to get to work. [SEP] You must be a savior to him, is he paying you for that? [SEP] He is just a good friend and I know he would do the same if I were in that position. I know he will treat my vehicle very carefully. 	He is just a good friend and I know he would do the same if I were in that position. I know he will treat my vehicle very carefully. 	Very true, I hope he knows how lucky he is.
8	my sister is always broke but last month she got me an expensive lawnmower [SEP] oh cool how much was it?  [SEP] i googled it and it was around 450 bucks	i googled it and it was around 450 bucks	holy! thats a lot but she will get good use out of it 
7	We finished out our fiscal year at my job recently and had performance reviews around the end of it.  [SEP] How did you do ? [SEP] I think okay! I had to meet certain goals tied to my compensation and I thought I would hit them and I did! 	I think okay! I had to meet certain goals tied to my compensation and I thought I would hit them and I did! 	Congratulations, I hope you get a raise.
5	I really care about my brothers, our bond is closer than most I feel like	I really care about my brothers, our bond is closer than most I feel like	thats what the love and family bond i think
2	You know that feeling when loneliness just hits you in the gut? [SEP] Yeah, I do. I'm in a long distance relationship. I get that everytime I have to fly back home. I hope you start to feel better, though. Loneliness can end up being a good motivator, however. [SEP] Somewhat long distance here I guess? Someone is away at therapy of sorts..As I can't continue to live with them with their deep rooted problems.I have to remember the bad things that I lived with so I can make that feeling stop..then I don't feel as lonely. [SEP] Ah, your situation sounds complicated. I'm sorry you have to deal with that. It sounds like you've given a lot of thought though, and the way you lay it out, you sound very mature about it. You've developed a good perspective on it, one that I should learn to appreciate myself. With your temperament, I'm sure you won't suffer from loneliness very long. People will want to be around you, as long as you want them around you. [SEP] I don't really LOL! I have been through a lot of trauma the past year and I only like people around I trust- no drama! Which is very few. As you get older..you realize you just want peace and people you love and who love you around- That's it! We can die at ANY minute..and I have lost MANY this past year..It makes you realize how short life is! Thank you for your kind words! It's always good to see other perspectives that help us feel appreciative of what we have :) Being grateful is the key to a happy life. Thanks for your kind words again!	I don't really LOL! I have been through a lot of trauma the past year and I only like people around I trust- no drama! Which is very few. As you get older..you realize you just want peace and people you love and who love you around- That's it! We can die at ANY minute..and I have lost MANY this past year..It makes you realize how short life is! Thank you for your kind words! It's always good to see other perspectives that help us feel appreciative of what we have :) Being grateful is the key to a happy life. Thanks for your kind words again!	You sound like you've dealt with more hardship than the average person. I wish I could empathize with you, but I've been lucky to avoid that kind of thing recently. But I do hope things will turn out differently for you soon. If anything, these things will make you more resilient than the average person, too. That's not worth nothing.
2	I was sick, but I needed some milk, so I let my neighbor take my credit card to the store to get some. [SEP] That's very trusting. Did they come back with the milk? [SEP] Yes, he got the milk and brought the receipt to show that's all he bought.  [SEP] Good for them. Nice to know that there are good people left in the world [SEP] I know! I was happy about that!	I know! I was happy about that!	I bet!
6	I always try to be prepared before a big trip.	I always try to be prepared before a big trip.	That's smart. You don't want to forget anything. Are you planning a trip soon?
7	My dog finally learned a new trick after months of training! [SEP] What is the trick [SEP] I taught her to roll over! I was so impressed with her!	I taught her to roll over! I was so impressed with her!	That is a good dog then
5	Are you in the US? We have a thing in the UK called Prime Minister's Question Time which is like a debate shown on TV of our parliament. It makes me very angry. [SEP] I am in the US. Why does it make you so angry? I've never heard about. [SEP] The politicians just spend the whole time shouting at each other and laughing at their own jokes. It's pathetic. You should youtube it.	The politicians just spend the whole time shouting at each other and laughing at their own jokes. It's pathetic. You should youtube it.	I think I will, I'm very curious now. You think they would want to use their time more wisely.
0	When I go to the mall to buy clothes, I always feel so envious of others who are buying expensive items. I wish I could afford those things!	When I go to the mall to buy clothes, I always feel so envious of others who are buying expensive items. I wish I could afford those things!	I understand how you feel. I wonder how those people afford it.
6	I felt pretty interested after hearing someone speak at my church yesterday. They knew what they were talking about	I felt pretty interested after hearing someone speak at my church yesterday. They knew what they were talking about	What was the basic jist of what they were saying?
5	There is a coworker sitting next to me that he is making noise with his pen the whole day long. It is disturbing me from my work. [SEP] That's got to be annoying! Have you tried telling him to stop? [SEP] I already told him but he said he can't concentrate without having something in his hands.	I already told him but he said he can't concentrate without having something in his hands.	Maybe he should take up knitting--or something else that would be a bit more quiet.
5	how do feel when you fail [SEP] I feel ashamed of myself, what about you? [SEP] more than shameful i rather die	more than shameful i rather die	You should never think that way. Failure is a part of life.
2	I am sure that I will get a raise. [SEP] That's great! What makes you so confident? [SEP] I know my boss likes my work.	I know my boss likes my work.	Well that awesome to hear! I hope you do get it soon!
4	I am so upset about my current working situation! [SEP] Oh no! I am sorry to hear that, what is going on? [SEP] The raise that was mine is now taken from my arch enemy of work!	The raise that was mine is now taken from my arch enemy of work!	That would make anyone upset! I am sorry!
2	I had a really fun get together tonight with all of my coworkers and my boss. The night went fantastic! I'm feeling very happy and optimistic about life right now. [SEP] That's great! It's such a good feeling working with people you actually like.. [SEP] I couldn't agree more. All of my coworkers feel like family to me. So it was a very relaxing and enjoyable get together.	I couldn't agree more. All of my coworkers feel like family to me. So it was a very relaxing and enjoyable get together.	I hope you have more nights like it!
6	i was scared walking home last night	i was scared walking home last night	Do you live in a bad area or a big city?
2	I am going for a competition tomorrow. I will surely be the winner  [SEP] What type of competition is it?  Im curious. [SEP] It is  a singing competition. It was going to be fun how i will become the winner 	It is  a singing competition. It was going to be fun how i will become the winner 	Wow how interesting!  I really hope you do well.  I am sure you will!
1	i  was scared to go home alone the other day [SEP] Why were you scared to go home alone? [SEP] cause there have been a string of break ins in my sub division	cause there have been a string of break ins in my sub division	That must be really annoying and scary.
7	I used to be afraid of the dark. I had a nightlight until i was 13 [SEP] have you grown out of it ? [SEP] In a sense I have, I am still not a big fan but I do not use a light anymore	In a sense I have, I am still not a big fan but I do not use a light anymore	well thats a good start
6	I met a girl, and took her on a date to a concert	I met a girl, and took her on a date to a concert	What concert?  Did you like her enough to go on a 2nd date?
1	I'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. When I was younger, everything was at least $10 if i wanted to listen to an album. [SEP] yea, this is a much better time for content [SEP] Kinda wish I was born in this era, but then I think I would be really distracted.	Kinda wish I was born in this era, but then I think I would be really distracted.	yea i can see that also
4	I loaned some money to my friend at work. Turns out he quit a couple days ago and I won't be getting my money back as I have no way of contacting him.. [SEP] Wow! What a jerk for him to up and leave with no way to contact him. Was it a lot of money? [SEP] It was a medium amount of money but still, he did me so dirty.	It was a medium amount of money but still, he did me so dirty.	I'm so sorry, you should see if you can find him on social media!
8	I cant believe how fast time flies.  It feels like just yesterday sometimes [SEP] YEs it does, take advantage of the time you have now [SEP] I found an old box of photographs so ive been looking through all of them.  Seeing all these people I knew and was friends with makes me wonder what they are up to now.	I found an old box of photographs so ive been looking through all of them.  Seeing all these people I knew and was friends with makes me wonder what they are up to now.	Reach out to them and see how they are!
7	I am having my first baby; a boy. I hear all these different labor stories that aren't exactly reassuring! 	I am having my first baby; a boy. I hear all these different labor stories that aren't exactly reassuring! 	Congratulations! If it helps at all, my wife and I have two young boys and both of her deliveries with very smooth! She said it wasn't as bad as she expected.
0	Summer is almost over, school is starting again soon. [SEP] I feel your pain totally.  I take an online class and I am a teacher at a new school this year [SEP] My daughter will be a freshman in high school.  I am so stoked about it!!!	My daughter will be a freshman in high school.  I am so stoked about it!!!	Fun times!  Makes you think back to being in HS.  I am working in a HS this time.
5	My cubicle neighbor at work really bothers me. He eats all day long and is always chewing loud foods with his mouth open! I can barely think with him chomping like a cow! [SEP] I hate that. That's one of my biggest pet peeves. That's such an awkward situation, because you don't want to come off as high maintenance and ask them to stop, but it'd be so easy for them to have better manners, too. I wish I had better advice. Maybe go to HR? [SEP] I could go to HR, but I don't want to be "that guy" if you know what I mean.	I could go to HR, but I don't want to be "that guy" if you know what I mean.	Yeah, absolutely. That's what I meant earlier, too, about being high maintenance. I don't know, maybe earbuds? But I'm sure you've tried that. Who knows how they would respond if you asked them personally, and if they actually did improve, they'd probably just forget and revert back in a few days anyway.
4	I've been hearing some strange noises around the house at night. [SEP] oh no! That's scary! What do you think it is? [SEP] I don't know, that's what's making me anxious.	I don't know, that's what's making me anxious.	I'm sorry to hear that. I wish I could help you figure it out
4	i was hoping to be able to go visit family soon but i don't think it's going to happen	i was hoping to be able to go visit family soon but i don't think it's going to happen	Aw, I'm sorry, why can't you?
3	I didn't get a job I interviewed for.	I didn't get a job I interviewed for.	Dang that stinks, better luck next time.
8	I found some of my kids artwork from when they were little and it made me miss having them around all the time. [SEP] I know the feeling.I miss my 2 boys also [SEP] It is hard when they move away.	It is hard when they move away.	I imagine, but i am sure the family will be reunited soon.
4	I keep thinking about my grandmother. [SEP] Oh no, is she ok? [SEP] She passed away last year and I do not know how to cope with it.	She passed away last year and I do not know how to cope with it.	I'm so sorry. Do you have a good support system?
8	i am looking forward to trying to get pregnant by the end of the year [SEP] I do not think that I want kids. [SEP] hmmmm. that is interesting. never heard that before.	hmmmm. that is interesting. never heard that before.	well i am sure many people do not want to have kids.
6	I trust in my brothers, they very rarely let me down	I trust in my brothers, they very rarely let me down	It is good to have people you can count on. If you can't trust your family, who can you trust? :)
1	im starting to make more and more money online, eventually i want to make this my full time job	im starting to make more and more money online, eventually i want to make this my full time job	That's awesome! I wish I could do that too
8	I killed some people and fed them to pigs. [SEP] nice [SEP] But now I'm having second thoughts	But now I'm having second thoughts	a bit late for that
8	I once kept a notebook in which I wrote down how my friends would die.	I once kept a notebook in which I wrote down how my friends would die.	Wow. You were either very imaginative or upset.
2	My armadillo pooped on the rug last night. [SEP] You have a pet armadillo? [SEP] I do! That little stinker always poops on the rug. I was so angry!	I do! That little stinker always poops on the rug. I was so angry!	I hope it gets potty trained.
7	i cant wait for next week! [SEP] What's going on next week? [SEP] the kids go back to school	the kids go back to school	Yay! That is one of the best days of the year!
2	I lost my keys at a bar last night.  [SEP] Oh man! Are they car keys as well? [SEP] Yep.  and it gets worse.   Apparently sometimes people will steal keys,  then come back and steal your car after you leave, according to the bar tenders.  So I got my truck towed home.  And... no house keys.. 	Yep.  and it gets worse.   Apparently sometimes people will steal keys,  then come back and steal your car after you leave, according to the bar tenders.  So I got my truck towed home.  And... no house keys.. 	Oh my god! Well please get ALL your locks changed. The car will be more difficult however hopefully they have no idea where you live so you should be ok.
2	My dog started to get lumps along her stomach so I'm taking her o the vet tomorrow	My dog started to get lumps along her stomach so I'm taking her o the vet tomorrow	Oh no, I hope she is OK! Glad you are taking her to the vet. Is she doing OK other than the lumps?
0	My husband has been clean from drugs for 4 years now. [SEP] Dang, that's quite an achievement. Everyone loves a good redemption story. How did you cope with it? [SEP] It was really hard. I have been with him for 21 years and we have 4 kids, but I am so happy for him and what he has accomplished.	It was really hard. I have been with him for 21 years and we have 4 kids, but I am so happy for him and what he has accomplished.	That's crazy! You deserve just as much props as he does! I'm glad you guys stuck it through. That's incredibly rare.
7	I have had so much to get together for my grad school application. [SEP] What school are you applying to? [SEP] I am applying to NYU.	I am applying to NYU.	That is a tough school to get into. Best of luck.
8	The other day I was watching a talk show and they started talking about how if you eat a big meal like dinner after 4 hours prior to going to bed, that it results in more rapid weight gain and hinders weight loss! I had never heard that before!	The other day I was watching a talk show and they started talking about how if you eat a big meal like dinner after 4 hours prior to going to bed, that it results in more rapid weight gain and hinders weight loss! I had never heard that before!	I didn't know the exact timing like that, but it's believable and I know it's harder for the body to use the energy when you eat late.
8	I got approved for a scholarship for college that I had been competing for for many months! [SEP] Nice! I wish I was more active in searching for scholarships like it sounds like you are. But this one sounds like it was a lot of hard work to earn. I haven't been the smartest about lightening the student loan debt burden while in school. Good on you for looking ahead. [SEP] I agree, I wanted to attend a higher ranking school but they didn't give me any scholarship so I decided not to accept their offer. 	I agree, I wanted to attend a higher ranking school but they didn't give me any scholarship so I decided not to accept their offer. 	Sometimes compromises have to be made. But I have to say, I'm impressed that you were that self-aware about the entire process, especially as a somewhat new adult. Good for you for considering all the options and making the choice you felt was best. You sound like you'll be successful after college, especially because of how hard-working you are.
7	My friend just paid me back money he owed me	My friend just paid me back money he owed me	oh thats a good friend
6	I was at work, and one of my friends had to go. I was so mad, because that meant I had to do all the work! [SEP] Oh no!  Extra workload is terrible!  Did you make it through? [SEP] Yeah, I was super tired for a day though	Yeah, I was super tired for a day though	I bet.  Did you relax when you got home?
8	 My daughter was up all night teething, and I made sure to give her extra cuddles to comfort her. 	 My daughter was up all night teething, and I made sure to give her extra cuddles to comfort her. 	Oh that is a tough period. Poor baby! But with mammas love everything is alright. You are such a great mother!
7	I'll try new Chinese recipe today. [SEP] I only like american food! [SEP] Well. I'm fascinating about variety of foods. I hope it'll taste better today.	Well. I'm fascinating about variety of foods. I hope it'll taste better today.	Food is the gateway to the soul.
1	I'm going to go to a party after work with my girlfriend. I think it'll be so much fun. I can't wait!	I'm going to go to a party after work with my girlfriend. I think it'll be so much fun. I can't wait!	sounds great
0	"I was mad when I woke up and it was only Tuesday!"	"I was mad when I woke up and it was only Tuesday!"	I agree, I dislike Tuesdays because they are so far from Friday!
2	I have an amazing brother. He's so great to talk to. I can tell him anything! [SEP] How old is he? Is he mature? [SEP] He's in high school, but he is very mature for his age. 	He's in high school, but he is very mature for his age. 	I am happy for you! I hope you keep being friends forever!
5	I went to the movies with my friend last week. Somehow my friend got very close with this random girl who was there. My friend ended up abandoning me to spend time with her. [SEP] That sucks! I'm sure it hurt your feelings. [SEP] Yeah I was very frustrated. Especially since my friend was my ride home. So I ended up having to call a cab. [SEP] Oh, wow. I can't believe your friend did that to you.  [SEP] I know. My friend sometimes gets very self centered. It can be a challenge.	I know. My friend sometimes gets very self centered. It can be a challenge.	I'm sure it can be. Maybe talk to him about it.
2	I applied for a job at a new law firm. [SEP] Did you get any news back? [SEP] Not yet, but I really really need this job.	Not yet, but I really really need this job.	I hope you do get the job, you deserve it!
3	I asked my son to clean the kitchen. He left dirty dishes in the sink and garbage on the counter. [SEP] Oh thats not good..sometimes teenagers can be alittle messy [SEP] He's 10 but definitely messy. We are working on it though.	He's 10 but definitely messy. We are working on it though.	Well I am sure he will get better with age
1	Found someone's scarf the other day and returned it to her. She completely bawled.	Found someone's scarf the other day and returned it to her. She completely bawled.	that was nice of you
5	I thought I won a lot of money in a lottery, but I was just reading the ticket wrong. [SEP] Ouch, that is a bit of a false alarm/bummer. [SEP] Yeah it definitely ruined the rest of my day.	Yeah it definitely ruined the rest of my day.	Well you can only keep going and keep playing. Someday it could be the real winning ticket.
0	So i was at work in the elevator and i farted really loud. I was so ashamed	So i was at work in the elevator and i farted really loud. I was so ashamed	ewwww
0	I could not wait for the first day of college. I was just ready for it	I could not wait for the first day of college. I was just ready for it	I remember that feeling myself back on my first day of college
1	I still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college. [SEP] Is it working well still [SEP] Yea. it's still kicking 40 years later.	Yea. it's still kicking 40 years later.	Its nice to have
5	I hope that my children have better lives than I have had. [SEP] i dont have kids , but i feel the same way u do if i had kids that is [SEP] Everything I do is for them.	Everything I do is for them.	thats the way it should be , they are the future
5	I really wanted to go with my family on vacation but I couldnt go and it sucks. 	I really wanted to go with my family on vacation but I couldnt go and it sucks. 	That's such a shame. Could you perhaps join them for a couple of days?
5	I have the worst headache and I yelled at my kid a few minutes ago for being so loud. I feel bad.	I have the worst headache and I yelled at my kid a few minutes ago for being so loud. I feel bad.	They are just kids, I think you should give them toys to play with and also take a pain killer
0	I am afraid of ghosts.	I am afraid of ghosts.	Mw too. I don't even llike when it's too dark inside or outside.
5	so the other week a barista at a coffee shop i frequent remembered my order before i even spoke. [SEP] Well that must have been nice!  I assume you wanted it and not something different? [SEP] Yeah! I was actually giddy that she remembered as silly as that sounds.	Yeah! I was actually giddy that she remembered as silly as that sounds.	No that sounds great, I don't go to the same places enough for that, maybe I'll get lucky someday!
0	I  had to go shopping for a toy for my nephew's birthday and literally ended up crying in the Lego aisle. [SEP] why what happened [SEP] Well it just hit me all of a sudden that my girls are quickly on their way out of our house.	Well it just hit me all of a sudden that my girls are quickly on their way out of our house.	oh I only have a few more years with mine too
3	I am rewatching game of thrones [SEP] I hear thats an amazing show but I've never seen it before [SEP] IT is great. I still get scared when seeing the white walkers	IT is great. I still get scared when seeing the white walkers	They sound really scary, I hope I never see one!
5	I haven't been feeling well and my husband has been so great. He takes care of the kids, goes grocery shopping, and makes sure I'm resting.  [SEP] It's nice to have someone that is helpful around the house.  Does he work, too? [SEP] Sometimes.  Unfortunately not as often as I would hope but you can't have everything.  He's still a good man.  I don't blame him since he has cognitive problems.  I love him anyway!	Sometimes.  Unfortunately not as often as I would hope but you can't have everything.  He's still a good man.  I don't blame him since he has cognitive problems.  I love him anyway!	Well that is too bad.  Maybe there is some way you can motivate him to work harder.
0	My pet iguana Ricado just die. I miss him. [SEP] Aw I am sorry to hear that. I'm sure he was a good pet. [SEP] Yeah he was I've had him since I was 5.	Yeah he was I've had him since I was 5.	Oh wow. Pets can be just like family members. It's hard to lose them I know.
7	My wife just bought me a car for our anniversary, and I am so happy she did. [SEP] Wow, she is a keeper. What car is it? [SEP] A new SUV I've had my eye on.  I really wasn't expecting it, but she said 30 years is a big anniversary.	A new SUV I've had my eye on.  I really wasn't expecting it, but she said 30 years is a big anniversary.	Congratulations on the strong marriage and car!
8	I love dogs as well. They truly are man's best friend. [SEP] ive had one dogg that I love, but since she did its been hard to love again. [SEP] It's very hard to train them from a puppy.  Older dogs know just how to love without being so overeager and annoying	It's very hard to train them from a puppy.  Older dogs know just how to love without being so overeager and annoying	yeah she was an older family dog.
6	i broke my expensive favorite pair of glasses. im blind without them	i broke my expensive favorite pair of glasses. im blind without them	Oh no, what are going to do?
3	I got a new job that pays a lot more than my previous one. I should be able to pay off my home sooner now [SEP] Financial stability is such an amazing thing. [SEP] Yes, it is. I was at my old job for over 4 years and never got a raise.	Yes, it is. I was at my old job for over 4 years and never got a raise.	Its hard to feel under appreciated at work.
3	I'm supposed to hang out with my friend, but's like 15 minutes pass the time now. [SEP] Are you anxious about it? [SEP] That and I'm pretty pissed off. There's no communication.	That and I'm pretty pissed off. There's no communication.	Sometimes people are not thoughtful of other people's time.
7	I worked so hard this semester, but I overslept for my final exam. [SEP] were you able to make it up? [SEP] I'm still waiting to hear back from the professor.	I'm still waiting to hear back from the professor.	oh good luck!
1	I took my car to the dealership to get it inspected and checked overall for a road trip.	I took my car to the dealership to get it inspected and checked overall for a road trip.	thats smart of you
4	Me and my cousin got into a fight. He broke my piano, which grandfather gifted me.	Me and my cousin got into a fight. He broke my piano, which grandfather gifted me.	I'm sorry to hear that.
0	When i see beggars on the road side. I feel pity on them and i just want to do something for them [SEP] do you give them money? [SEP] i always do as i feel so sad for them	i always do as i feel so sad for them	yea me too
2	I like to look back at times of my childhood.	I like to look back at times of my childhood.	Me too. I hope you have nice memories.
3	I recently found out that my niece may be autistic. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. have they done any tests? [SEP] She's currently going to appointments and things. So they'll find out more soon. 	She's currently going to appointments and things. So they'll find out more soon. 	I hope everything turns out for the better.
1	I took my dog on a walk without his leash! I felt scared he would run off but he did great!	I took my dog on a walk without his leash! I felt scared he would run off but he did great!	Sounds like your dog had fun.
8	School is about to start. We are ready.	School is about to start. We are ready.	Ugh I remember those days! All the shopping, making sure to look good for the first day! good times
3	I remember when movies actually focused more on the plot and acting rather than the special effects. I miss those times. [SEP] I completely agree. It used to be about the story line and the character development.  [SEP] Hopefully it goes back to that, after all the special effect hype dies down!	Hopefully it goes back to that, after all the special effect hype dies down!	I hope so, too. Meanwhile, you can just watch old movies.
0	I finally feel like I have my life under control.  It has taken a long time to get here. [SEP] Thats great [SEP] Yes, I have spent so much time stressed out about money.	Yes, I have spent so much time stressed out about money.	I know that feeling. Stressing doesnt make it any easier though
5	I really wanted to go with my family on vacation but I couldnt go and it sucks. 	I really wanted to go with my family on vacation but I couldnt go and it sucks. 	That's such a shame. Could you perhaps join them for a couple of days?
3	I am ready for the weekend to end, big Monday for me. [SEP] nice  [SEP] I am trying to close a deal for work, big money.	I am trying to close a deal for work, big money.	I hope it works out well for you buddy
7	I am applying to grad school.	I am applying to grad school.	Oh wow! Congratulations! I also recently applied for grad school to study Computer Science (seriously). What are you wanting to study?
3	My girl friend was double dating  [SEP] Oh really? How'd you find out? [SEP] I was so lucky I met them together having dinner in a restaurant in town	I was so lucky I met them together having dinner in a restaurant in town	Well at least you found out easily.
6	Ive really desired a doctorate ,but my busy schedle would not allow me	Ive really desired a doctorate ,but my busy schedle would not allow me	Aw, can't fit any classes into your schedule?
3	I'm annoyed that many things are still closed on Sundays...like the federal reserve banking system.	I'm annoyed that many things are still closed on Sundays...like the federal reserve banking system.	Oh yeah, I hate that too. It's so inconvenient to be closed when people have time to go there.
1	I was so thankful that my friend came to pick me up when my car broke down yesterday! [SEP] I absolutely hate car trouble! It is the worst!  Thankful for friends that can help out in times like that - did you get it fixed? [SEP] I did, thankfully! It was an easy repair! My friend was nice enough to take me out to lunch while we waited for the tow truck!	I did, thankfully! It was an easy repair! My friend was nice enough to take me out to lunch while we waited for the tow truck!	That's a good friend for sure - I'd keep their number on speed dial!  
2	I knew my wife's family would help us financially for our marriage, turns out it was right, I appreciate it so much. [SEP] Nice! The married life is expensive [SEP] Yes well we needed money in order to get married in the first place. All the expenses and fees and paperwork.	Yes well we needed money in order to get married in the first place. All the expenses and fees and paperwork.	I hope you two have a nice future. At least you know the family will support you!
1	I ruined dinner tonight I feel bad. [SEP] What happened?  [SEP] I forgot to put up the leftovers last night and the food was no good. [SEP] You could have still eaten it if you were daring. [SEP] Well I'm not. And I can't afford to be sick and miss work either.	Well I'm not. And I can't afford to be sick and miss work either.	Bright side, it would have been a great excuse to order pizza. 
8	I am excited for baseball playoffs. Are you? [SEP] I watch it sometimes, It can be a little slow moving for my taste. [SEP] I love the Yankees.	I love the Yankees.	Are you from New York area. I'm a little farther south, but I do like them for sure. 
7	I've been exercising for months and I lost 10 pounds. I feel great!	I've been exercising for months and I lost 10 pounds. I feel great!	Congratulations! Any plans to lose more?
0	i hate taking test	i hate taking test	Me too, it is to stressing
1	My son learned to spell his name all by himself which wowed me. [SEP] Wow that's fantastic! [SEP] I know he is too smart, I love him	I know he is too smart, I love him	You are very lucky to have such a smart boy!
4	So I had a moment that was horrible. I fell getting out of my darn car this morning. [SEP] Im sorry to hear that. did you hurt yourself? [SEP] Thankfully no. I was just embarassed as heck.	Thankfully no. I was just embarassed as heck.	Yeah i can only imagaine
7	I feel so at ease right now with life, finally after all the hecticness.  [SEP] That's good you're getting a break! Life is much more rough as an adult than I thought it would be as a kid. [SEP] for sure they really dont prepare you enough for it. 	for sure they really dont prepare you enough for it. 	No kidding! I'm glad things are good for you now - rest, relax, and enjoy!
6	The company that I working for is having financials issues. I am happy that I wasn't part of the recent lay off.	The company that I working for is having financials issues. I am happy that I wasn't part of the recent lay off.	That is a relief. Did any coworker friends get laid off?
6	I am so thankful for my husband, he is the best!	I am so thankful for my husband, he is the best!	Oh that's sweet. What kind of things does he do?
3	I asked my son to clean the kitchen. He left dirty dishes in the sink and garbage on the counter.	I asked my son to clean the kitchen. He left dirty dishes in the sink and garbage on the counter.	Oh thats not good..sometimes teenagers can be alittle messy
6	I was so afraid when my daughter was born. She came out with the cord around her neck. 	I was so afraid when my daughter was born. She came out with the cord around her neck. 	Oh god! Did everything turn out well?
7	I can't believe that I was 18 when I bought my first car. I remember being in the dealership and they handed me the keys. [SEP] That's crazy, I couldn't imagine buying a car at 18. What kind of job did you have that you were able to do that? [SEP] My dad has his own firm so I worked in the mail room and I also did stock trading on the side. [SEP] That's a pretty great setup so soon in live. You're very fortunate. [SEP] That is what people say but I really worked hard and that car was a reward to myself.	That is what people say but I really worked hard and that car was a reward to myself.	Yeah for sure. Luck only gets you so far, the rest is up to you. 
4	Currently, I am having some financial issues.	Currently, I am having some financial issues.	that is the worst. i am sorry to hear that.
8	I recently made a move across states for work, but am having trouble meeting new friends out here. [SEP] Making new friends can be tough, is there anyone at work you bond with? [SEP] Not sure yet as I just met them recently, but I am hoping that work provides a way for me to meet some people.	Not sure yet as I just met them recently, but I am hoping that work provides a way for me to meet some people.	I am sure that you will meet some new friends@
2	My friend won a scholarship to go to school overseas. She worked all through high school. [SEP] oh wow thats awesome [SEP] Yea, it is. She's also a really nice person. 	Yea, it is. She's also a really nice person. 	i hope it turns out well for her
2	I love that my extended family likes to keep everyone together	I love that my extended family likes to keep everyone together	Yes that is awesome!  I bet it makes for good times!
8	I was anticipating the first day of school for a few days [SEP] A new school year can be a pretty exciting thing.  Is it a new school year for you or your child? [SEP] It is for me, first day at high school!	It is for me, first day at high school!	Highschool was a long time ago for me, but from what I remember I had great times.
8	Tomorrow is a fine day for me - I start my new job. [SEP] Congratulations. Are you excited? [SEP] I'm quite anxious, to be honest. Completely new experience, completely new people. Hopefully I'll fit in.	I'm quite anxious, to be honest. Completely new experience, completely new people. Hopefully I'll fit in.	You'll do fine. I look at new things as adventures. 
7	I cant wait for my trip next week! [SEP] where is your trip at? why are you so exited [SEP] its las vegas. i love being around all the excitement one mine and all the depression the next :)	its las vegas. i love being around all the excitement one mine and all the depression the next :)	wow i have always wanted to go to las vegas, good luck and dont gamble all your money haha
4	I didn't get a big promotion at work, I worked so hard for it.	I didn't get a big promotion at work, I worked so hard for it.	Sorry to hear that, I know that you probably feel disappointed but there will be other opportunities! 
3	I kept looking at the door expecting my father to walk in any minute.	I kept looking at the door expecting my father to walk in any minute.	I hope you wasn't to disappointed was you to going to spend time together? 
4	I entered a writing contest, but I didn't final in it. I was disappointed about that.	I entered a writing contest, but I didn't final in it. I was disappointed about that.	Sorry about that. You should try again and stay confident. The most important is to try.
5	So yesterday around noon i was jogging like i always do. Well i notice my pants feel weird, come to find out i have a giant rip in them [SEP] Oh my goodness, that must have been embarrassing [SEP] It was because there was a lot of people outside. I know one of them had to see it	It was because there was a lot of people outside. I know one of them had to see it	I'm sure people looked away, it could have been them
3	So I have a big meeting at work tomorrow, which always make me nervous no matter what. [SEP] You will be great im sure of it! are you prepared?  [SEP] Thank you! Yes, I think so. I will just have to overcome nerves and do my best I think.	Thank you! Yes, I think so. I will just have to overcome nerves and do my best I think.	Just imagine that you are the boss,  or have a few drinks before.
6	I decided one day that I would adopt an animal at an animal shelter, and I picked up a dog. [SEP] Cute!!! what did you name it? [SEP] I named her Abby, it seemed to fit her and she learned it pretty quickly.	I named her Abby, it seemed to fit her and she learned it pretty quickly.	What kind of dog is she?
6	I won a trip to las vegas.	I won a trip to las vegas.	Is it fully paid?
1	I remember a time i got my first retail job. Was scared about the interview but after just taking a deep breath. I just felt like i owned the place. [SEP] I know that feeling, good for you! [SEP] You ever just get those moment where you shake it off and the confident feeling flows in.	You ever just get those moment where you shake it off and the confident feeling flows in.	Yes, those are awesome feelings, I crave that all the time
0	I told my son repeatedly to do the dishes, but instead he played video games all night and never got them done. [SEP] You should confiscate his video game and teach him a lesson. [SEP] That's definitely my plan. He will learn there will be consequences for his failure to listen.	That's definitely my plan. He will learn there will be consequences for his failure to listen.	You are doing the right thing for him to learn discipline.
1	I let my daughter, who just got her driver's license, take my brand new sports car to work today. [SEP] oh, i bet you are nervous. I'm sure she will be okay but i would be so nervus [SEP] Nah, she is actually a pretty good driver.  I am confident that she will take care of it today.	Nah, she is actually a pretty good driver.  I am confident that she will take care of it today.	That's great! i see you trust her so much, you have wonderful relationship with her
2	Can't believe I got accepted to school. [SEP] What kind of school [SEP] University, I'm going to study accounting.	University, I'm going to study accounting.	I hope you do well
2	I have been preparing for a triathlon for months. I feel ready.	I have been preparing for a triathlon for months. I feel ready.	Hopefully all of your hard work will pay off and you will do well.
4	During gym class today but pants split wide open. Everyone in the class could see my underwear.	During gym class today but pants split wide open. Everyone in the class could see my underwear.	I'm so sorry, were they impressed?
2	I am saving up my money to buy a home next year sometime. I think it can happen. [SEP] Are you excited? [SEP] I am so excited. I'm thinking of all the things I want to do to it and I don't even know what it looks like yet.	I am so excited. I'm thinking of all the things I want to do to it and I don't even know what it looks like yet.	I hope you do it!
7	I have worked the same job and lived in the same apartment for 12 years. [SEP] is that good or bad? [SEP] It is just fine. I am in no hurry to change it.	It is just fine. I am in no hurry to change it.	well, as long as you're happy
2	I am so excited! I am going to Hawaii next week [SEP] That really is something to get excited about! I've never been outside of the country, so I'm jealous of people that get the chance to. I hope you're able to get everything out of the trip that you want to [SEP] I cant wait to go.  I started packing already 	I cant wait to go.  I started packing already 	If I were you, I'd be the same way, just counting down the days. I hope your travel goes smoothly. If you're going with someone special, I hope you guys both enjoy your time there
6	Hello!  I was really worried about my son the other day. [SEP] Oh no, what was wrong? [SEP] He came home from school and said it was a bad day.  He seemed very down.	He came home from school and said it was a bad day.  He seemed very down.	Aw, did it turn out okay?
5	My computer keeps overheating when I play intense games, it won't stop bugging me. Ugh [SEP] That sucks. I hate when my games are interrupted for any reason. [SEP] Me too, it sucks when the screen starts to tear.	Me too, it sucks when the screen starts to tear.	Oh no. You should invest in something new.
0	I am jealous of my coworker, he is very athletic and smart [SEP] Don't worry about him.  Keep working on you.  I'm sure you have a lot of great qualities. [SEP] Thank you, I like to think that sometimes, but it can be tough	Thank you, I like to think that sometimes, but it can be tough	I understand.  Its hard to not compare yourself with others but we're all made differently with our own strengths.  Try to shine with those!
7	Madden comes out friday and im so ready [SEP] I'm sure it's hard waiting for the new releases when it's a game your hyped up for! I enjoy playing games too! [SEP] it is! what types of games do you play?	it is! what types of games do you play?	I enjoy RPG games the best. So, I really liked Fable, Halo, Sims, Assassin's Creed, etc.
2	I have finished my college education! [SEP] Congratulations!  What degree did you get? [SEP] I got the one in business field!	I got the one in business field!	Awesome!  I bet that's a really versatile degree, you should be really successful!
5	I had this girlfriend only a few months ago and she was always so honest and kind, it really made me trust her and care about her. Things didn't work out but that's okay. [SEP] I'm so sorry to hear that. At least you enjoyed your time with her in the moment? [SEP] Yeah it was a lot of fun, I'm glad it happened even though it made me sad.	Yeah it was a lot of fun, I'm glad it happened even though it made me sad.	Well, hey. At least there's plenty more fish in the sea. Maybe the next one will be the one.
8	A mosquito has been flying around my head all night and I have been able to kill it! [SEP] Okay so you need a can of hairspray [SEP] How will that help? Honestly I am so annoyed right now, I'll do anything to make it go away. 	How will that help? Honestly I am so annoyed right now, I'll do anything to make it go away. 	Well the alcohol in it will paralyze it enough for you to be able to kill it!!
6	My in-laws just suddenly showed up yesterday and said they were staying for the week. I had no warning at all but I guess they were trying to make it fun, ha ha.	My in-laws just suddenly showed up yesterday and said they were staying for the week. I had no warning at all but I guess they were trying to make it fun, ha ha.	Oh no! I would have a heart attack! Are you able to take time away from life so unexpectedly to spend time with them?
1	We had a group meeting at work and there was some leftover pizza. While everyone was getting ready to leave and they weren't looking, I snuck the rest of the leftover pizza in my purse and slid out!	We had a group meeting at work and there was some leftover pizza. While everyone was getting ready to leave and they weren't looking, I snuck the rest of the leftover pizza in my purse and slid out!	haha... you little thief! (joking) That must have been some good pizza!
8	This girl I know quit her job with me to follow her dreams.	This girl I know quit her job with me to follow her dreams.	that was brave of her
7	I'm nearing 40 and I find myself thinking a lot about my teen years and early twenties. The friends I had then and the fun we had. [SEP] That is where I am still at, I am scared I will have regrets when I get older [SEP] I don'	I don'	That is good, I am glad you have no regrets!
5	i was crushed when i didnt get out of work on time [SEP] Oh, did you have plans after work? [SEP] yea my son had a game	yea my son had a game	So sorry you had to miss it, maybe take him out to ice cream to console him
8	I have always been appreciative of my parents paying for college	I have always been appreciative of my parents paying for college	consider yourself lucky
5	I was supposed to take this trip I am on with my friend but they could not make it. I decided to come by myself. Im really missing friends right about now. [SEP] I still think you made the right choice by going. [SEP] I hope so. Its just hard not having someone you know from back home with you.	I hope so. Its just hard not having someone you know from back home with you.	True.. but, who knows... maybe you'll make a new friend.
5	I'm not really sure if I am going to be able to find a gift for my wife's birthday. [SEP] Why not? [SEP] I had ordered it about 6 month's ago because it was a custom made gift, but the company called me and told me that it broke in the final step.  I was supposed to get it tomorrow and there is no way that I will get it on time.  I just don't know what to do now.	I had ordered it about 6 month's ago because it was a custom made gift, but the company called me and told me that it broke in the final step.  I was supposed to get it tomorrow and there is no way that I will get it on time.  I just don't know what to do now.	Oh no, that's awful. Maybe you can find something else to give her for her birthday but tell her you have another present that will arrive a little later. 
6	I thought I saw a ghost in my house last night. I got so scared!	I thought I saw a ghost in my house last night. I got so scared!	Really? Was it a ghost?
8	Maroon 5 is coming into town. I've never seen these guys live.	Maroon 5 is coming into town. I've never seen these guys live.	I hear they are good
3	I can't believe my younger brother makes more money than i do.	I can't believe my younger brother makes more money than i do.	Well, at least you dont have to worry about him begin ok in life. He can take care of himself, now. You can give him tips on making better choices with his money
8	I found 5 packs of gluten free cookies on clearance at my grocery store yesterday. [SEP] Wow, that doesn't happen very often. Well done. Those things are normally quite expensive, aren't they? [SEP] YES! I am intolerant of gluten and just want to die when I am on it, so it's always a good day when I can find cheap food that is also good for me! I am easily pleased lol. I love clearance stuff! [SEP] Me too. Clearance is the first place I head for in the store! It must be so difficult to be gluten intolerant - seems as if there's gluten in everything these days. [SEP] Oh there is :( I do eat it now and again but it seems to really screw up my weight loss and digestion so I try never to get near it. They have great gluten free alternatives but yep they are all expensive. 	Oh there is :( I do eat it now and again but it seems to really screw up my weight loss and digestion so I try never to get near it. They have great gluten free alternatives but yep they are all expensive. 	Something I found which helped me lots was to eat e.g. bread made from organic wheat. So long as I don't overindulge I'm fine - fingers crossed.
0	My daughters little dog passed away about 4 months ago, it really shook all of us. [SEP] i am so sorry for you.  I know what a crushing experience the passing of a beloved pet can be.  You must be very sad. [SEP] Yes, she was only 6 years old.  She had an autoimmune disease and it started attacking her red blood cells - there was not much we could do.	Yes, she was only 6 years old.  She had an autoimmune disease and it started attacking her red blood cells - there was not much we could do.	That is awful.  An unexpected illness cam really strike like a dagger in the heart.
3	I took money from my daughter's piggy bank. [SEP] I am sure you had a really good reason right? [SEP] I needed money for alcohol.  I feel so ashamed for doing it.	I needed money for alcohol.  I feel so ashamed for doing it.	Oh wow, I hope you get some help soon.
4	I wanted to go to a writing conference. It is a huge and allows you to meet so many people. Unfortunately, something else came up and I had to cancel. I felt so bad that I wouldn't be able to go.  [SEP] I am so sorry that you couldnt go as I can see this was so important to you.  Why did you have to cancel?  Must have been something important come up! [SEP] We thought we were going to have to move at the exact same time. It turns out we didn't move after all! But it still would've been hard because it was so expensive. 	We thought we were going to have to move at the exact same time. It turns out we didn't move after all! But it still would've been hard because it was so expensive. 	Im sorry you that happend to you.  DO you write books?
0	My daughter had a complete meltdown the other day inside of the store.  [SEP] Been there. Done that. [SEP] Tell me it gets better lol 	Tell me it gets better lol 	It does. Then she turns 13 and is a brick wall lol. 
6	Someone broke into my car and ripped everything out, even the side speakers! I looked like the Hulk that night when I saw the wreckage.	Someone broke into my car and ripped everything out, even the side speakers! I looked like the Hulk that night when I saw the wreckage.	Did you call the police?
0	I am very positive about the democrats in November [SEP] I'm a very apolitical person.  [SEP] Good for you, less stress in your life	Good for you, less stress in your life	not really. I'm a felon. I don't get to vote. So I have no representation. That makes me a Subject of the U.S., instead of a citizen.
4	I'm doing so well right now. I think I'm going to start dating again. [SEP] That sounds great! Did you just get out of a rough relationship? [SEP] Two years ago when I broke up with my ex he took everything with him and I had to start over. I feel great now though.	Two years ago when I broke up with my ex he took everything with him and I had to start over. I feel great now though.	Oh gosh, I'm sorry to hear that. Hang in there, there's a lot of great guys out there.
2	I got to relax today and sleep. I was off of work [SEP] Oh nice. I'm happy that you got some rest. What do you do for work? [SEP] I work in marketing	I work in marketing	Sounds pretty interesting. I hope everything goes well for you.
4	My dog is having surgery on his leg. [SEP] Oh poor dog! I hope he is okay! [SEP] I am confident he will recover.	I am confident he will recover.	I am glad to hear that. I hate seeing animals suffer.
8	I was not sure about the dmv. I did not want to go there	I was not sure about the dmv. I did not want to go there	Get ready to wait for a long time. DMVs are terrible.
0	This lady at my grocery store was obssed with asking me my political party. I had to almost run away from her. [SEP] shees! some people just dont understand some things others just dont care to talk about [SEP] I felt strange afterwards. I lost a little hope in society.lol	I felt strange afterwards. I lost a little hope in society.lol	it happens everywhere. some poeple are just too dense to realize . 
0	I was let down when my aunt missed my graduation. I really wanted her tehre [SEP] Why was she not there? [SEP] She lived far away	She lived far away	I guess that's understandable then. I doubt it was personal.
6	Although I was running late I was still made it to the Black Friday sale and was able to get in the front of the line still to get the tv I really wanted!	Although I was running late I was still made it to the Black Friday sale and was able to get in the front of the line still to get the tv I really wanted!	Why do you have to stress so much to get black Friday sales 
4	I was so happy I graduated High School. I didn't think I would make it!  [SEP] I am sure that was a good day for you [SEP] It really was. I was overcome with joy!	It really was. I was overcome with joy!	I am happy for you
3	I found $80 while I was cleaning out my truck. [SEP] That is awesome, what will you spend it on? [SEP] Gonna put it in the bank. saving up to buy a home.	Gonna put it in the bank. saving up to buy a home.	Good for you, make sure you get the 20% down.
8	I am sometimes a bad parent [SEP] Why is that? [SEP] I always eat all of the ice cream before my kids have any	I always eat all of the ice cream before my kids have any	Oh, well they probably do not need any ice cream!
8	Yesterday, I forgot to flush the toilet at work. The look of disgust on my co-worker's face who just walked out was priceless. [SEP] Oh my goodness! I bet that was embarrassing. But it happens.  [SEP] Oh, it was mega embarrassing! My co-workers wouldn't stop talking about it. I'm sure they're never going to let me live it down.	Oh, it was mega embarrassing! My co-workers wouldn't stop talking about it. I'm sure they're never going to let me live it down.	eventually they will forget. They will probably do something even more embarrassing then the joke will be on them. haha.
0	My uncle died last year in april [SEP] That is terrible news. How did he die? [SEP] heart attack is was a very sad affair	heart attack is was a very sad affair	I lost my friend to a heart attack. He was only 35.
4	Each month I am scared to look at my bank account. [SEP] Why do you say that? [SEP] I live paycheck to paycheck, sometimes its not enough	I live paycheck to paycheck, sometimes its not enough	I am sorry to hear that. I hope things get better for you
0	My sister made some toast and left it on the counter. So I ate it and inferred the dog must have taken it when she asked. [SEP] That's pretty funny. Did your sister ever find out it was you who took it? [SEP] No. My dog eats any food available to her so it's pretty believable.	No. My dog eats any food available to her so it's pretty believable.	One time my cousins dog, ruby, almost bit me for trying to put away a bowl of food. So, I understand how dogs can be with food at times haha.
6	There was a turtle in my yard one day just panting and hot and all dried out.	There was a turtle in my yard one day just panting and hot and all dried out.	Oh poor thing!  What did you do?
2	I've been through a lot of hard times in life, but I know that God will bless me soon.	I've been through a lot of hard times in life, but I know that God will bless me soon.	i bet he will, everything always gets better dont worry
8	Hi, at march break I went to Disney World with my family. [SEP] sounds fun how long were you there [SEP] We were there for a week.  A lot of the roller coasters made me nervous though.	We were there for a week.  A lot of the roller coasters made me nervous though.	aw what was your favorite things to do while there
7	I've decided to ask the girl of my dreams to marry me.  I'm sure she will say yes.	I've decided to ask the girl of my dreams to marry me.  I'm sure she will say yes.	That's great! Congratulations! That's exciting, and I'm sure if you're confident she will, then she will!
5	I was eating lunch today at school and some woman let out the biggest fart I've ever heard. I almost spit my food out.  [SEP] Oh my god!! she must have been raised in a barn! [SEP] Yes that's what I was thinking. I mean, couldn't she have at least went somewhere more private!	Yes that's what I was thinking. I mean, couldn't she have at least went somewhere more private!	Like a bathroom maybe!  some people really just dont understand manners.
7	i stated running recently 2 miles a day, the other day i increased it to 3 miles and did not even break a swet i felt really good [SEP] That's fantastic. How old are you? [SEP] im 31 and in a few months ill be 32	im 31 and in a few months ill be 32	Keep up the good work.
2	My food order today did not turn out as well as I had hoped. [SEP] Sorry to hear!  What all did you order?  And what was wrong with it? [SEP] Everything was cold. We had burgers and fries. You can't eat cold fries. [SEP] Cold fries are the *worst* b/c the potatoes are just gross at that point.  Did you get your money back, at least? [SEP] Nope. I was starving so I ate it lol [SEP] Oh bless your heart!  I'm sorry to hear!  I'd have returned it and gotten the whole meal free for the cold messed up fries! [SEP] Well it was a delivery do we would have had to wait another hour. I did complain though	Well it was a delivery do we would have had to wait another hour. I did complain though	That's good! Hopefully you'll be compensated in some way for the fries.  Ugh, cold fries!  You're way nicer about it than I would have been.
1	I am mad that the summer is almost over. [SEP] IT went by fast. [SEP] I didn't even get to go on vacation.	I didn't even get to go on vacation.	That sucks. Everyone deserves a vacay.
7	The adoption people called me about the dog we applied for. Think we're getting him! [SEP] What dog breed is it? [SEP] It's a jack russell!	It's a jack russell!	Oh wow, that is an energetic dog, good luck!
3	I loaned my car to a girlfriend once many years ago.	I loaned my car to a girlfriend once many years ago.	Oh I hope nothing bad came from that?
0	A friend of mine is a self-published writer. She put out 22 books this year! I can't believe how many she did. 	A friend of mine is a self-published writer. She put out 22 books this year! I can't believe how many she did. 	That is wild, I wish i could write and make money.
6	I recently got into watching golf on TV. I am so amazed at how good some of the pro players are.	I recently got into watching golf on TV. I am so amazed at how good some of the pro players are.	Golf? I could never get into it.
0	My pilot certification test is coming up next week. I am so nervous I won't remember all the answers. I will be devastated if I flunk the test.	My pilot certification test is coming up next week. I am so nervous I won't remember all the answers. I will be devastated if I flunk the test.	Dang, there's a lot of strategies to fight that thought, I'm assuming. As they say an ounce of preparation is worth more than a pound of cure
7	Wow, policy recently changed at work, not due to anything I did, and they are now paying me extra money!	Wow, policy recently changed at work, not due to anything I did, and they are now paying me extra money!	That's amazing! Congratulations. What was the policy that changed?
5	My tree died a few weeks ago. [SEP] That's too bad. Are you going to replace it? [SEP] I can not afford to buy another tree right now.	I can not afford to buy another tree right now.	Maybe you will be able to replace it soon. What happened to it?
4	I was very disappointed that I was let go of a job I had had for years	I was very disappointed that I was let go of a job I had had for years	I'm sorry to hear that. Did they give you a severance package? Also, Do you have prospects for a future position?
8	I was surprised when I saw two bunnies..a mom I assume and her baby, running around tonight. [SEP] A.ww that must have been so cute [SEP] It was! Rare that wild bunnies don't just take off!	It was! Rare that wild bunnies don't just take off!	I've never seen a bunny. That;s weird
0	My best friend just bought a new car, it's a Honda Civic and it's red. [SEP] I love hondas.  Are you jealous of that person? [SEP] It's hard not to be a bit envious, especially since my car is a 2006!	It's hard not to be a bit envious, especially since my car is a 2006!	I know that feeling, friend.
0	A girl hit on me at an event, but I've got a girlfriend. Not interested.	A girl hit on me at an event, but I've got a girlfriend. Not interested.	Thats right,  You have to stay faithful to the one you love.
7	One of my friends was doing pretty bad in school but he really turned it around recently. I'm really happy about that too.	One of my friends was doing pretty bad in school but he really turned it around recently. I'm really happy about that too.	Oh thats good 
0	I am so nervous.  When I get nervous I smoke too much.	I am so nervous.  When I get nervous I smoke too much.	Oh yeah.  I just quit smoking myself.  You should try something to distract you.
1	I was really late to work the other day, and my car was running on fumes.	I was really late to work the other day, and my car was running on fumes.	That would really stress me out
7	The only reason I have this house is because my parents bought it when it was affordable.	The only reason I have this house is because my parents bought it when it was affordable.	Well thats not good
4	it so bad to see a girlfriend hug somebody you don't know [SEP] That would be weird [SEP] yeah and so bad	yeah and so bad	Sorry you had to see that
6	When the Las Vegas Shooting happened, I was so emotional and sad.	When the Las Vegas Shooting happened, I was so emotional and sad.	I know it was terrible. Are you from vegas? 
4	My brother died, my heart is in pieces.	My brother died, my heart is in pieces.	Aww.. I am so sorry for your loss. It is so hard to lose our loved ones. 
7	I am so happy to start my new job next week! 	I am so happy to start my new job next week! 	Congratulations what type of work will you be doing? 
6	I felt pretty alone today. I did not hear from anyone	I felt pretty alone today. I did not hear from anyone	That sucks. Have you tried contacting your family?
8	oh god ugh, I am so revolted right now [SEP] Oh shoot, why is that? [SEP] I go into the bathroom tonight and find my girlfriend plucking out her nose hairs into the sink	I go into the bathroom tonight and find my girlfriend plucking out her nose hairs into the sink	That may be gross, but she is just putting effort into her appearnce.
0	My son placed third in his jiu-jitsu competition. He surprised me with how well he did [SEP] That sounds awesome. It's important for kids to know self defense and also to be active so all boxes are checked. [SEP] It was only his second competition.  He did a lot better than I expected	It was only his second competition.  He did a lot better than I expected	I may have to encourage some of my family to pick up martial arts. We never delved to the high levels and I see a lot pf value in the teachings.
8	Last week when I was out hiking a girl randomly approached me and wanted to make out with me. I had to tell her no because I'm married. [SEP] Wow, what a forward woman. [SEP] She was really hot too. I felt bad about possibly hurting her feelings	She was really hot too. I felt bad about possibly hurting her feelings	Yeah, I'm sure you were.
8	We went out shopping for school supplies and backpacks and my two kiddos are get to go! 	We went out shopping for school supplies and backpacks and my two kiddos are get to go! 	good stuff, you picked a good time to do it!
2	I can beleive it i won! i won a free disney cruise! [SEP] Awesome! you are extremely lucky. Will you be bringing anyone with you. [SEP] I have to bring my wife of course	I have to bring my wife of course	Duh! You better, I do hope you have a whale of a time. I would be elated.
4	Today would've been my little sister's 3rd birthday.  [SEP] Would've been ? I'm very sorry for you. [SEP] She was killed in a car crash last year.	She was killed in a car crash last year.	That's so tragic. I'm very sorry.
6	I wab blessed enough to be able to see two of my daughters graduate from high school. I couldn't be more happy for them. [SEP] Oh, that's wonderful!  Tell them congratulations for me! You must be bursting with pride!   [SEP] I sure am! They are so excited to be starting a great new chapter in their lives.	I sure am! They are so excited to be starting a great new chapter in their lives.	Do they have any aspirations yet or are they just figuring out life?
6	My daughter is pregnant with her first child. I am optimistic everything will go smoothly.	My daughter is pregnant with her first child. I am optimistic everything will go smoothly.	That is exciting. When is she due?
5	I feel bad that my friend is in a relationship and I secretly hope it doesn't go well.	I feel bad that my friend is in a relationship and I secretly hope it doesn't go well.	Oh, well that doesn't sound good. But, maybe you have good reasons?
3	We had some limbs fall recently from storms and I've had to work hard to clean it all up.	We had some limbs fall recently from storms and I've had to work hard to clean it all up.	I hope it didn't damage your house or anything on your property!
6	On Black Friday, I was in line at a store and it was taking forever. I had to use the restroom so bad. [SEP] Oh yeah those lines can be super long. What did you do? [SEP] The person behind me offered to hold my place and watch my stuff, but they didn't.	The person behind me offered to hold my place and watch my stuff, but they didn't.	Oh no that is terrible. What happened to all your things?
1	I have my final exam tomorrow. I am so nervous! [SEP] I am sure you will do well! [SEP] I think I will, but it doesn't make me any less nervous. This is the big one!	I think I will, but it doesn't make me any less nervous. This is the big one!	Just stay positive and everything will work out.
6	I was working on a really tough and boring project. When I was done my boss didn't even care.  [SEP] Wow. Sounds like you have a wonderful boss. Sarcasm by the way. [SEP] Yeah he's a catch. 	Yeah he's a catch. 	Is he always this way?
4	I find myself of people with nice cars lately. [SEP] That is good, do you like nice cars? [SEP] I forgot tosay jealous. oops. my car quit and i have to catch rides everywhere  nic cars upset me now.	I forgot tosay jealous. oops. my car quit and i have to catch rides everywhere  nic cars upset me now.	I am sorry about your car trouble, good luck with that.
6	My car broke down	My car broke down	What happened to it
4	My family disowned me a few years ago. I heard that they were going on the annual family lake trip next week. Thinking about it made me really sad as I remembered all of my childhood memories on this trip.	My family disowned me a few years ago. I heard that they were going on the annual family lake trip next week. Thinking about it made me really sad as I remembered all of my childhood memories on this trip.	Awe, I am sorry to hear that. Do you think there will be any chance of a reconciliation?
1	I almost died last year.	I almost died last year.	That is a terrible thing to happen, I'm sure...
8	I remember going fishing with my dad. [SEP] Do you feel nostalgic about it? If they were good memories. [SEP] There were great memories.  I miss those days.	There were great memories.  I miss those days.	Yep, childhood was the best time. Its best to remember these things every now and then.
5	I didn't have enough money to pay my rent this month so I took the money from the cash at work. I feel terrible.	I didn't have enough money to pay my rent this month so I took the money from the cash at work. I feel terrible.	Dang, maybe you should have bought a lottery ticket instead?
7	I have a surgery coming up on Monday. [SEP] Oh no. Are you scared at all? [SEP] I am very nervous.  It is completely optional so I might just cancel it.	I am very nervous.  It is completely optional so I might just cancel it.	Well if you do decide to go through with it, I wish you the best and quick healing!
6	I sprain my ankle really often. I'm not great at basic walking	I sprain my ankle really often. I'm not great at basic walking	That's too bad. Have you seen a doctor about it?
1	My kids will sometimes go and play at my new neighbors house. 	My kids will sometimes go and play at my new neighbors house. 	That must be fun for them.  Our neighbor hood only has older people so my kids stay around the house.
7	I am looking forward to my job interview tomorrow. I know I will get it.	I am looking forward to my job interview tomorrow. I know I will get it.	Well good luck and I'm sure you will.
4	My coworker told my boss that I came in to work 15 minutes late this morning. I couldn't believe he did that to me!	My coworker told my boss that I came in to work 15 minutes late this morning. I couldn't believe he did that to me!	I am sorry, that sounds bad
1	My dad got sick when I was 13 and he ended up passing away because of it. [SEP] Im so sorry, i can not immagine that [SEP] It was a horrible. He was on life support for over 24 hours	It was a horrible. He was on life support for over 24 hours	That is terrible
2	I am going to my first haunted house this October! I don't know why I feel so scarred!	I am going to my first haunted house this October! I don't know why I feel so scarred!	Ha, that will be fun though
8	I'm looing forward to all the soccer on tv today	I'm looing forward to all the soccer on tv today	I love watching soccer .
2	I don't really know how to react to this, but one of my friends told me a few days ago that not only is he going to Samoa for a while (which didn't surprise me because he and his family go to Africa all the time), but he's staying and moving there for a few years. [SEP] Wow, that's quite a move. Did he say why he's staying in Samoa so long? [SEP] I think it's because he dropped out of school here and doesn't have much reason to stay in America, since he can start a new life over there. Kinda makes me sad though, I didn't expect it at all.	I think it's because he dropped out of school here and doesn't have much reason to stay in America, since he can start a new life over there. Kinda makes me sad though, I didn't expect it at all.	I can understand that. It's hard to say goodbye to a friend, I hope you can stay in contact with him.
0	I was so happy to get home that day.	I was so happy to get home that day.	I love coming home too. 
6	I cursed in front of my grandmother the other day.	I cursed in front of my grandmother the other day.	O really? how'd she react to hearing that?
6	i saw a car crash the other day on the road [SEP] Oh no how terrible. Was anyone hurt? [SEP] i think so but i was shocked	i think so but i was shocked	I bet, I would be too. Did you stop and talk to the police?
2	I waited for two weeks for my final grades. It seemed to take forever to get them. I couldn't stand it.	I waited for two weeks for my final grades. It seemed to take forever to get them. I couldn't stand it.	I bet you were a nervous wreck. I hope they turned out well.
0	I have to give a major speech tomorrow at work early in the morning.	I have to give a major speech tomorrow at work early in the morning.	I know the anciptation of giving big presentations.  Are you nervous?
0	I get so ticked off when I see people leave their shopping carts in the parking lot. How lazy are these people!	I get so ticked off when I see people leave their shopping carts in the parking lot. How lazy are these people!	That is very true! I dono't understand why people doe that!
7	Just got my marks best for the test [SEP] that is awesome. [SEP] It was in math, I got an 95%.	It was in math, I got an 95%.	i really wish i would be able to do so well in math
1	o I have this neighbor who lives down the street who walks her dog without a leash. It is so annoying and its some kind of pit mix dog and it scares me that she has him off leash. I also found poop in my yard and I'm prestty sure it was from that dog! ugh! [SEP] well, that's not nice at all. [SEP] i know! how rude!	i know! how rude!	you can confront them about it.
2	My best friend will be going to school in another country for 4 years [SEP] which country? [SEP] She'll be in England.	She'll be in England.	thats cool i bet she will have fun
0	A mommy deer got hit by a car in front of my house and her two babies keep hanging around looking for her. I'm afraid they're going to go in the road like she did and get killed. Ugh. [SEP] That is so sad, humans made a huge impact on animals lives in that sense [SEP] Oh I know, I see dead animals way too much. It's terrible. I hope they make it , they seem to be eating on their own at least.	Oh I know, I see dead animals way too much. It's terrible. I hope they make it , they seem to be eating on their own at least.	It makes me feel sick as well, I hit a bird once and almost cried
2	I can't wait for the new soccer season to start [SEP] Do you play? [SEP] No I just watch. I'm too old (and fat) to play now	No I just watch. I'm too old (and fat) to play now	If you have a favorite team, I hope they have a good season! 
6	I made a great pizza last night [SEP] how did it come out? [SEP] Amazing!	Amazing!	what did you put on it?
2	My internet keeps going in and out and it is really bothering me! Why can't it just work like it is supposed to! [SEP] Are you on wireless, or a wired network? [SEP] It is wireless.  I keep on having to unplug and then plug back in the router and modem!  Very frustrating!	It is wireless.  I keep on having to unplug and then plug back in the router and modem!  Very frustrating!	Wow, that sounds terrible. I really do hope you fix your internet problem.
7	My best friend got such a pretty girlfriend. I don't know how he does it. I look better than him but he gets the pretty girls. [SEP] I totally know what you mean. [SEP] I wish I had the game he has. I think I need to cut my hair like him to get a better chance with the ladies.	I wish I had the game he has. I think I need to cut my hair like him to get a better chance with the ladies.	You also need some good pickup lines.
7	last year i had put a nice chunk of change into crypto-currencies like bitcoin... although they went up in value a great deal, they have came back down before i actually took any profits. feels bad! [SEP] I watched that happen. Been thinking about doing some research on trading with bitcoin. [SEP] yea i used to try and make small trades for profits but its stressful, could drive me to relapse on drinking!!! i think im oging to just double down on what i have and buy more i think it should shoot up again eventually!	yea i used to try and make small trades for profits but its stressful, could drive me to relapse on drinking!!! i think im oging to just double down on what i have and buy more i think it should shoot up again eventually!	That's a good idea. I think there is alot of promise there. good luck.
4	Me and this girl were doing really well on Tinder and we even started dating. It didn't turn out well unfortunately.	Me and this girl were doing really well on Tinder and we even started dating. It didn't turn out well unfortunately.	Oh.. sorry to hear that. May i ask what happened between the two of you to break things off?
4	 i was upset to see my dog gone when i returned home	 i was upset to see my dog gone when i returned home	I am sorry to hear that.  Have you tried looking for him.
3	I'm incredibly upset.  I just found out my husband has been cheating on me last week. [SEP] Oh damn, that sucks. Have you guys talked or did you immediately cut him off? [SEP] We talked long enough for me to tell him it's over.  We can't come back from this, no matter how difficult it will be for me.	We talked long enough for me to tell him it's over.  We can't come back from this, no matter how difficult it will be for me.	Man thats terrible, I hope you can forget about him and find someone better.
8	my sis ate all of my snacks yesterday [SEP] Oh, no! I bet you were mad! Was she very sorry? [SEP] no, she wasnt sorry, shes never sorry	no, she wasnt sorry, shes never sorry	Siblings! You love them but sometimes they can be such a pain!
2	I recently tried my luck with online dating [SEP] How did it go? [SEP] I met this girl, we really hit it off.  we are going out for drinks on saturday.  i think it is going to go well	I met this girl, we really hit it off.  we are going out for drinks on saturday.  i think it is going to go well	I hope it does.
4	My car was stolen last night! [SEP] Oh no! That is horrible! Did you get it back? [SEP] No and the police have no leads. They are worthless	No and the police have no leads. They are worthless	That must be so stressful. I am sorry.
6	Our oldest daughter rides horses and does horse shows quite frequently.	Our oldest daughter rides horses and does horse shows quite frequently.	I love horses! Has she been riding a long time?
6	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining.it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store ".	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining.it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store ".	When you feel rain ... sometimes you feel its magic ... ask the children
5	my cat vomited on my carpet today [SEP] Oh no! That's horrible. Were you able to clean it up? [SEP] yea but it was sickening	yea but it was sickening	I could imagine.
2	We had a meeting with a potential client, and guess what. I forgot to inform my co-worker about it. Feel bad for being a reason he missed the opportunity	We had a meeting with a potential client, and guess what. I forgot to inform my co-worker about it. Feel bad for being a reason he missed the opportunity	I am sure there will be another chance.
3	I was very sad when my grandmother passed away. [SEP] I am so sorry to hear that!  Don't worry.  I know it is hard but every day will get better. [SEP] It does get better, but it was just so sudden.	It does get better, but it was just so sudden.	Just be strong.  She is in a better place now.
6	I have my first test in my class on Monday. I have studied a lot and feel more than ready for it!	I have my first test in my class on Monday. I have studied a lot and feel more than ready for it!	You sound confident. What subject is the class? 
1	Me: I was driving to work and saw a black guy with dreads doing a wheely on a bike that looked like it was for a 12 year old. It was pretty impresive	Me: I was driving to work and saw a black guy with dreads doing a wheely on a bike that looked like it was for a 12 year old. It was pretty impresive	Oh yeah, I have seen those kind of micro bikes before. Takes some skill I suppose.
1	I was going through some old photos of my childhood. [SEP] oh really find anything cool? [SEP] Yes and I started getting really emotional because of it.	Yes and I started getting really emotional because of it.	yea all of the nostalgia can do that.
7	I am so happy. I made an A in all three of my summer classes. I have never done that before. [SEP] hard work pays of [SEP] I couldnt believe what I was capable of. I plan on doing it again this semester.	I couldnt believe what I was capable of. I plan on doing it again this semester.	keep up the good work!
5	I was doing some shopping in a thrift store recently and came across a toy similar to one I had when I was a kid. It really made me remember my childhood.	I was doing some shopping in a thrift store recently and came across a toy similar to one I had when I was a kid. It really made me remember my childhood.	Maybe you should buy it for keep sake 
0	So my husband left yesterday on a work trip, and I miss him a lot more than I thought I would. [SEP] Where did he go? Is he calling you? [SEP] He will when he gets time I think. I thought I'd enjoy the time alone, but I'm just lonely.	He will when he gets time I think. I thought I'd enjoy the time alone, but I'm just lonely.	I understand.
2	I feel good about my applications.	I feel good about my applications.	Hopefully you do well with it!
8	 I get sentimental about my family, they mean a lot to me and I do not know what I would do without them [SEP] They must have really been there for you. [SEP] They are most of the time!	They are most of the time!	haha most of the time.
4	I Can;t believe my favorite show is ending. [SEP] What show is that? [SEP] Game of Thrones. I have been a fan since day 1	Game of Thrones. I have been a fan since day 1	I did not know it was ending, sorry to hear that!
6	I was really expectant anyway [SEP] What were you expecting? [SEP] That i will get the job	That i will get the job	You sound confident. Did the interview go that well?
7	i was outside watering my flowers and seen a snake [SEP] Oh no, how scary! What did you do? [SEP] took off as fast as i could [SEP] I don't blame you, snakes are scary! Do you know what kind of snake it was? [SEP] a big one. lol	a big one. lol	Lol, yikes!!
1	I'll try new Chinese recipe today.	I'll try new Chinese recipe today.	I only like american food!
7	You won't believe what just happened! The guy in line in front of me just randomly did a back flip! [SEP] Someone was recording him from the shadows [SEP] I hope so cause it was a great back flip! Best one I've ever seen!	I hope so cause it was a great back flip! Best one I've ever seen!	I wish I could do one
6	I was at home and last minute my dad took me to the Yankees game.	I was at home and last minute my dad took me to the Yankees game.	That is so thoughtful of him, did you guys catch a ball? 
4	I worked so hard to make it up to her and its wasnt enough for my wife	I worked so hard to make it up to her and its wasnt enough for my wife	Uh oh. I am sorry. What happened?
2	Time passes on for us anyhow, and now my kids are in 5th and 8th grade.	Time passes on for us anyhow, and now my kids are in 5th and 8th grade.	I dread that it will go so quickly!
2	I just found out the small company I work for is going out of business. I cried all day Friday when I found out because I love working for them [SEP] I am so sorry to hear this. I am sure you will find another job, but it doesn't make it any less painful. [SEP] I am worried about finding another job too because I don't have a degree for what I was doing because they taught me how to do it so now I'm not sure who will demand I have a degree.	I am worried about finding another job too because I don't have a degree for what I was doing because they taught me how to do it so now I'm not sure who will demand I have a degree.	Just have faith, I am sure it will all turn out!
2	Im feeling a little bad about what I did maybe I shouldnt maybe I should idk. 	Im feeling a little bad about what I did maybe I shouldnt maybe I should idk. 	I'll be the judge of that
2	Next week I'm finally going on vacation! I feel like it has been forever. [SEP] That's awesome! Where are you vacationing to? [SEP] We're heading to the beach for a few days	We're heading to the beach for a few days	I love the beach! I'm sure you'll have a great time there.
3	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today	That sucks, hope it didn't dry into the carpet.
0	I went to florida one time and saw a childhood friend there, that was a surprise!	I went to florida one time and saw a childhood friend there, that was a surprise!	You are right.Florida is a big state with lot's of people.
1	My husband forgot to let the dog back inside when I was at work. [SEP] Was your dog ok? I hope it didn't run away. [SEP] He got attacked by a coyote and needs surgery.	He got attacked by a coyote and needs surgery.	That is awful and I bet your husband feels really bad. I would be really mad though.
2	I am proud of the Eagles for their season last year, they really played well!	I am proud of the Eagles for their season last year, they really played well!	They won it all if I recall.
3	Hello my friend, I just started running in the mornings lately. [SEP] Really? Thats so good for you. I also just started doing a little work out in the mornings. How long do you run for?  [SEP] I do about 1 mile. I wanna try do 2 miles soon.	I do about 1 mile. I wanna try do 2 miles soon.	Good for you keep it up. you will get there in no time. 
7	I finally get to go school shopping today! [SEP] That sounds like a lot of fun! Where are you headed to?  [SEP] Thrift stores. That's wher you find the real bargains	Thrift stores. That's wher you find the real bargains	I am a sucker for some good deals! 
7	Stuffed animals are always an endearing thing to hang on to. [SEP] They are. I have several. [SEP] Really? Which animals do you have?	Really? Which animals do you have?	I have a few bears.
3	I have such a great family [SEP] That's good to hear, one of the best advantages you can have in life [SEP] No doubt, it makes life so much easier	No doubt, it makes life so much easier	And they're all you got in the end!
4	I had someone steal my lawn mower. I never had anything stolen since I lived here. [SEP] that's terrible. Was it an expensive one? [SEP] I think they all are. At least 100 or 200. I was shocked because I have a fenced in yard and dogs people are scared of- They WILL bite and are big- They were very brave and stupid.	I think they all are. At least 100 or 200. I was shocked because I have a fenced in yard and dogs people are scared of- They WILL bite and are big- They were very brave and stupid.	No kidding... Who goes out of their way to get a lawnmower? Like... Why risk getting arrested and going to jail for a lawnmower... Oh well... Humanity. Sorry to hear that happened to you.
1	 I was so scared by the movie the Grudge, even to this day it still scares me today [SEP] Really?  Are you scared by lots of movies? [SEP] I guess I sort of am, any horror pretty much	I guess I sort of am, any horror pretty much	Awwww... That's cute.  
2	My daughter got a birthday card full of money this week and I took the cash before she could see it. [SEP] Well, that was terrible of you. Why would you do that? [SEP] I'm desperate for cash.  I feel really bad about it, but I like having my knee caps intact.  I guess she'll find another way to pay for college anyway.	I'm desperate for cash.  I feel really bad about it, but I like having my knee caps intact.  I guess she'll find another way to pay for college anyway.	Wow.... I certainly hope so.
3	I'm 30 years old and living with my dad still. I am broke. I've been single for years. I feel like I have nothing going for me while my peers are out kayaking.	I'm 30 years old and living with my dad still. I am broke. I've been single for years. I feel like I have nothing going for me while my peers are out kayaking.	I am sure it will get better
6	You need to see the customized version  [SEP] The customized version of what? [SEP] Car I mean 	Car I mean 	Oh okay. What kind of car is it?
6	it upset me when i couldnt leave work on time	it upset me when i couldnt leave work on time	Aww, did you miss your plans?
8	I thought it was really cool when my friend offered to buy me a car if he won the lottery [SEP] That would be nice, but it's highly unlikely. [SEP] I know. The though was cool though. 	I know. The though was cool though. 	It sure was.
7	I'm hoping that i get an enormous job that i bid on.	I'm hoping that i get an enormous job that i bid on.	Good luck! I bet you'll get it, I have a feeling.
4	We have a new member of our family! [SEP] Are we?  [SEP] Huh? Anyway, the new member is a bunny! My daughter rescued it from an animal shelter.	Huh? Anyway, the new member is a bunny! My daughter rescued it from an animal shelter.	Oh haha sorry I misread that! And that is great I am so excited to meet the bunny!! Do we have a name for it yet? 
7	My 6th birthday party was unexpected.  My mom had picked me up from school and said I needed to finish homework before I could open my present.  So I went to my room but when I turned on the lights all my friends from school were there hiding and shouted "SURPRISE".  We ditched homework and played games the rest of the night. [SEP] That sounds like a really fun and joyful surprise.  Young birthdays are amazing. [SEP] Definitely.  Aside from my 21st my birthdays have been a lot more low key since then lol	Definitely.  Aside from my 21st my birthdays have been a lot more low key since then lol	Yeah, after 21 they really are pointless.  Most of my birthdays, I enjoy a good dose of work all day, lol.
6	 I had a terrible experience when I was out the other day with my daughter.. people can be so rude. 	 I had a terrible experience when I was out the other day with my daughter.. people can be so rude. 	What happened? Sometimes people are just having bad days.
6	I am away in another country for 2 months and I left my apartment with my friend.  [SEP] Wow, that must be scary to have to trust someone else with all of your stuff. What took you out of the country? [SEP] I'm on vacation in the Bahamas! I feel they are very reliable so I am sure the place will be fine!	I'm on vacation in the Bahamas! I feel they are very reliable so I am sure the place will be fine!	A two month vacation sounds amazing! I figured it was for work or something when you said two months. What is your favorite thing to do in the Bahamas?
6	I don't know if I should take the job offer I got today.	I don't know if I should take the job offer I got today.	Would it be a promotion?
5	MY kid loves her new school and she doesnt like anything! [SEP] Don't be daft! Kids should never watch tv! [SEP] I said nothing about tv [SEP] They have tv inside the school do they not? [SEP] She likes school because she met a bunch of kids that like anime.	She likes school because she met a bunch of kids that like anime.	Even I love anime and i stopped watching tv a few years ago, maybe I shall return.
8	My boys made me so happy last year. They both came 1800 miles away to visit me at Christmas.  [SEP] That was super nice of them, I bet it was a big surprise as well. [SEP] Yes, it was. It was one of the happiest days of my life. My one son also got me a kitchenaid for Christmas. 	Yes, it was. It was one of the happiest days of my life. My one son also got me a kitchenaid for Christmas. 	I love my kitchenaid. It has to be my most used appliance. I can see why you were so happy.
0	I am sad some people I like are such bully's to others. It's a real big turn off.  [SEP] I hate bullies, but they usually get what's coming to them. [SEP] Unfortunately life is unfair and I don't see that happen a lot. Just sad when someone you liked is such a mean person. When will people learn you can disagree with someone else without ripping them apart?	Unfortunately life is unfair and I don't see that happen a lot. Just sad when someone you liked is such a mean person. When will people learn you can disagree with someone else without ripping them apart?	I know how you feel. Sometimes you just have to show them the error of their ways. If not karma will catch up with them.
6	today i went to get madden, and the store didnt have enough copies	today i went to get madden, and the store didnt have enough copies	that is not good, did you manage to get it done somewhere eles?
4	I was trying to book a holiday to Europe, but the flight prices have doubled. [SEP] That is such a bummer. Summer is an expensive time to travel. I went to Ireland in July but I bought the tickets in March so they were pretty cheap.  [SEP] We were shooting for a fall trip, but it's looking like it won't happen now.  I guess I waited an hour too long to hit the confirm button	We were shooting for a fall trip, but it's looking like it won't happen now.  I guess I waited an hour too long to hit the confirm button	Oh that is so frustrating. I'm sorry to hear that. I am a travel agent- flight prices fluctuate by the hour- keep watching, they might go back down. 
4	I recently found out my mom was very sick.	I recently found out my mom was very sick.	I am sorry to hear that.I hope she gets better.
3	I'm a little sad my youngest son is starting Kindergarten in a few days. [SEP] Awww I completely understand. I remember that feeling. And mine is now a senior. Time flies! Cherish every moment with him! [SEP] I know it does! My oldest son is starting Junior High..wow [SEP] I only have one. And next year he'll be going off to college. I wish I didn't have to work so much so I could have spent more time with him when he wanted to [SEP] Yeah I'm grateful that I get to work from home and be with my kids. [SEP] Yea that would have been great if I could have done it. I'm happy that you do! [SEP] The summer has been rough though. They fight a lot	The summer has been rough though. They fight a lot	It's still better that an empty house!
0	I found some old rotten sweet potatoes hiding at the back of my refrigerator. [SEP] I find myself not finishing potatoes either! They take so long to cook [SEP] but they're cheap.	but they're cheap.	Right, taste good too
1	I'm in no hurry to move out of my parents house.	I'm in no hurry to move out of my parents house.	I don't blame you. I would be trying to avoid bills too.
2	I was expecting to get a low B or even a C in one of my hardest university courses. Instead, on the Final Exam there was bonus opportunity to which I came out with an A average.	I was expecting to get a low B or even a C in one of my hardest university courses. Instead, on the Final Exam there was bonus opportunity to which I came out with an A average.	Nice, I bet you feel so relieved!
2	Today was pretty stressful at work but now its time to unwind with some binge watching of Netflix.	Today was pretty stressful at work but now its time to unwind with some binge watching of Netflix.	I enjoy doing that after a hard day at work as well.  I hope it relaxes you!
1	Yesterday my son came home with thehighest grade for his test	Yesterday my son came home with thehighest grade for his test	Wow. It's really a super moment to cherish.
1	I found an old R/C car I had from when I was a kid.	I found an old R/C car I had from when I was a kid.	thats pretty neat.  I think that might be worth a lot of money
2	I couldn't be more thankful to have 3 happy healthy kids. [SEP] That is really something to be thankful for. I have lost 2...So for sure! [SEP] Oh I am so sorry to hear that!	Oh I am so sorry to hear that!	It's okay! Life happens! Cherish your babies always :)
4	I was very afraid in airplane because of severe turbulence. [SEP] Yes airplanes make me feel queasy too. What do you do to cope with it? [SEP] I was not able to cope with it. I had a severe panic attack.	I was not able to cope with it. I had a severe panic attack.	I am sorry to hear that. Flying is never easy, especially when you feel that stressed
1	I was at dinner the other night and spilled my drink all over myself. [SEP] That's no good! Did it stain your clothes? [SEP] no, it was a clear drink. But get this: I did it AGAIN after they brought me a new one!!	no, it was a clear drink. But get this: I did it AGAIN after they brought me a new one!!	Oh wow, it sounds like you were just really unlucky that night.
4	I just got a new job and they offered to pay off my school debt [SEP] thats really awesome! [SEP] Yea. It is, because I've been so stressed with it.	Yea. It is, because I've been so stressed with it.	im really glad to hear it got worked out
0	Spent a lot of my saturday organizing and cleaning my room. There's no better feeling that knowing you accomplished an errand you were supposed to do, and getting to enjoy clean space after your hard work. [SEP] That's wonderful! You're right, it is so rewarding to stand back and see everything clean once you are done. [SEP] Yeah, it's kind of a shame my roommate isn't the cleanest. So, when I bother to clean the other areas of the apartment, it kind of goes to waste. But at least I can kind of keep up my own little domain and use it as a retreat from the rest of the place.	Yeah, it's kind of a shame my roommate isn't the cleanest. So, when I bother to clean the other areas of the apartment, it kind of goes to waste. But at least I can kind of keep up my own little domain and use it as a retreat from the rest of the place.	Right, that's something you can at least have full control over. Your own humble abode.
7	I'm going back to college which is really bittersweet.	I'm going back to college which is really bittersweet.	5
8	I was at my local coffee shop this morning. I spaced out and ran into the door spilling coffee all over myself in front of the cute barista.	I was at my local coffee shop this morning. I spaced out and ran into the door spilling coffee all over myself in front of the cute barista.	that is not good, do you have any idea why you spaced out
3	I used to love pokemon, thinking back on it puts me in my feelings [SEP] Yeah kids have moved on to YuGiYoh and other silly games. [SEP] I still like it a good deal, just not as much	I still like it a good deal, just not as much	At least pokemon go is popular now..
0	So, I am embarrassed to say, but my daughter got in a ton of trouble the other day. [SEP] Oh no! Kids do that sometimes. What happened? [SEP] She is 21 and makes her own grown up decision now.  And unfortunately got caught up in the wrong crowd. [SEP] It's hard when they grow up. Hopefully she will learn from her mistakes. [SEP] Yes this is a big life lesson.  I was so mad at her.  She was in a car where someone had drugs.  Charged them all with possession. grrrrrr. [SEP] Oh no! I would be angry too! [SEP] I am so stressed about it now, but I suppose kids just still do stupid stuff even when they are young adults.	I am so stressed about it now, but I suppose kids just still do stupid stuff even when they are young adults.	Yes, they do. It's a season of learning.
5	I trust my brother a lot when I let him use my car, he's not the most responsible but he knows I care about it. [SEP] You are more trusting then I am. I don't even trust my wife in my car. [SEP] Haha, yeah, I just feel bad if I didn't. He would have to uber every where.	Haha, yeah, I just feel bad if I didn't. He would have to uber every where.	That's very nice of you. Maybe I can learn from you and be more trusting.
1	I can't believe that I was 18 when I bought my first car. I remember being in the dealership and they handed me the keys. [SEP] That's crazy, I couldn't imagine buying a car at 18. What kind of job did you have that you were able to do that? [SEP] My dad has his own firm so I worked in the mail room and I also did stock trading on the side.	My dad has his own firm so I worked in the mail room and I also did stock trading on the side.	That's a pretty great setup so soon in live. You're very fortunate.
1	Hi friend, I like to go to church and pray.	Hi friend, I like to go to church and pray.	That's great. The community aspect of church is fun.
3	I remember when people used to be more courteous. [SEP] How so? [SEP] When strangers would say hello and good morning.  Those were the good old days.	When strangers would say hello and good morning.  Those were the good old days.	Ah yea now everyone is stuck staring at there phones.
5	I won first place in a chili cooking competition at work today. [SEP] Did you get a nice prize for it? [SEP] A $50  gift card and bragging rights. [SEP] That's amazing, how many people entered? [SEP] About 15. [SEP] Huge win, do you plan on entering again next year? [SEP] I'll probably give it a try. They do little events like this a few times a year.	I'll probably give it a try. They do little events like this a few times a year.	Maybe if there's a hot dog one I can enter it too.
2	I cant wait to go on vacation this week. Its all I can think about right now. [SEP] That sounds exciting - where are you going!? [SEP] I am going to the beach. I cant wait to be with all of my friends out there.	I am going to the beach. I cant wait to be with all of my friends out there.	I love the beach, being on the Gulf Coast is probably my favorite.  I hope you have a great time!
6	I had a project i was working on and my boss had some questions... if i told him the truth i could possibly get fired so i lied.	I had a project i was working on and my boss had some questions... if i told him the truth i could possibly get fired so i lied.	Oh lord! Why did you need to lie?
6	I got a visit from my uncle I wasn't expecting [SEP] Well, I guess that might have been a nice surprise? [SEP] it really was	it really was	That's great! Did you catch up or go do fun things together, perhaps both?
5	I don't really have much direction in my life right now, I'm just trying to keep my head above water because I don't really have any other option.	I don't really have much direction in my life right now, I'm just trying to keep my head above water because I don't really have any other option.	Oh no that is terrible. Is there anyone near you that could be of help? Maybe a family member or someone that can lend a hand or ear? I'm so sorry to hear this.
4	My neighbor always interrupts me when I talk.	My neighbor always interrupts me when I talk.	I'm sorry to hear that. Do you know why your neighbor does that to you?
5	My neighbor always interrupts me when I talk. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. Do you know why your neighbor does that to you? [SEP] I'm not sure but it is very irritating to me.	I'm not sure but it is very irritating to me.	I think you should just continue talking over your neighbor. Maybe that will get your neighbor to stop.
6	My dog did great at training class!	My dog did great at training class!	That's great, what kind of dog is it?
8	I was almost in a nasty car crash earlier	I was almost in a nasty car crash earlier	Oh my gosh, that's terrible. How did that happen
6	This weekend I'm taking my kids to Six Flags	This weekend I'm taking my kids to Six Flags	That is nice. Do you take them frequently?
6	I ordered something online and unbeliveably it was here the next day. I wasn't expecting that!	I ordered something online and unbeliveably it was here the next day. I wasn't expecting that!	How exciting!  Who did you order from that gave you such good service?
1	It's crazy the amount of drivers running a red light near my house every day.  [SEP] That sounds very dangerous [SEP] Yeah, it is. I think that red light needs a traffic camera on it.	Yeah, it is. I think that red light needs a traffic camera on it.	That would help a lot
2	After weeks of studying im ready for my math test	After weeks of studying im ready for my math test	I hope you do well on it.
8	My little baby just left for college last week. Can't believe he grew up so quickly. [SEP] yea its hard to see them leave [SEP] Yea it is, I was crying all the way to the airport but I am so proud of him that he gets to start a new life now.	Yea it is, I was crying all the way to the airport but I am so proud of him that he gets to start a new life now.	oh out of state, can be pricey but great for new experiences
1	I hit the lotto last week and became a millionaire. Now I don't need to work the rest of my life.	I hit the lotto last week and became a millionaire. Now I don't need to work the rest of my life.	Wow, you must be euphoric!
1	I have a fantasy football draft tomorrow, I think all of my research will benefit me!	I have a fantasy football draft tomorrow, I think all of my research will benefit me!	You must feel prepared now since you've done all your planning and analysis. 
5	SO I dropped my wallet in the train, and when I bent down to pick it up, I accidentally released a  loud fart. Worse of it call, there was lady who was sitting and heard it!  [SEP] It happens to the best of us! I know the lady understands! [SEP] I hope so, she pretended not to hear but I know she heard it. It was just so embarrassing and left me red faced! 	I hope so, she pretended not to hear but I know she heard it. It was just so embarrassing and left me red faced! 	Maybe you'll never see her again! 
8	The spilled soda echoed so loudly  in the library it was embarrasing [SEP] Oh no! Hopefully you didn't get too many nasty stares! [SEP] a few I could have  melter	a few I could have  melter	Oh well, accidents happen!
2	Got some plant fertilizer and it burned my spearmint plant. So I took it back to Walmart. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that.  Did they replace the plant as well? [SEP] Some of the stems are dead but not all of it. Waiting to see if it survives. It smells great.	Some of the stems are dead but not all of it. Waiting to see if it survives. It smells great.	I hope it comes back.  Fertilizer is always an experimental thing. Plants are so finicky.
2	A lot of people have doubts, but I'm really hopeful for America's future! [SEP] i am too, i think we are headed in a better direction! [SEP] I agree, soon we will all come together as one and settle our differences!	I agree, soon we will all come together as one and settle our differences!	i hope so, we are def the greatest nation in the world
6	I know I will win Gold in the Olympics.	I know I will win Gold in the Olympics.	You sound very confident! What sport do you play?
6	Someone stole my shoes!	Someone stole my shoes!	Did they get your shorts too?
5	I have been avoiding watching a scary movie for months [SEP] I used to like watching scary movies. Not my thing anymore. [SEP] Ive never liked them and I never will. I dont want to be a liar because I said I would. I wish I hadnt said that lol	Ive never liked them and I never will. I dont want to be a liar because I said I would. I wish I hadnt said that lol	Maybe you can talk yourself out of it?
8	I went ice skating for the first time the other day. [SEP] Nice! Did you fall? [SEP] I did.  It wasnt fun.  everyone saw and they laughed.  I hurt my wrist too. :(	I did.  It wasnt fun.  everyone saw and they laughed.  I hurt my wrist too. :(	Oh no! Well, at least it sounded like you and everyone had a good time.
6	sometimes I feel all alone! [SEP] I know what you mean. That's no fun. [SEP] yea... boring sometimes	yea... boring sometimes	Do you have any hobbies or do you like to read?
5	i loved taking care of my sisters bearded dragon the other day [SEP] That sounds like fun but I would be scared. I heard they are friendly tho. First time taking care of it?  [SEP] they are friendly once they get to know you.. but when they tense up their spikes can hurt sometimes	they are friendly once they get to know you.. but when they tense up their spikes can hurt sometimes	Im more scared about them biting me.. maybe one day ill be as brave as you. 
8	There was a similar situation when I was trying to catch a softball and ran smack dab into a fence. [SEP] Ouch, I bet that must have hurt! [SEP] It did indeed. For the next few weeks I was too scared to even try and catch another ball. 	It did indeed. For the next few weeks I was too scared to even try and catch another ball. 	That could be some trauma there... but I am sure you will get back into the swing of things (no pun intended).
0	I want to lose wait and I'm trying to eat less, but just a few minutes ago a had some sugar cravings and ate a whole package of cookies.	I want to lose wait and I'm trying to eat less, but just a few minutes ago a had some sugar cravings and ate a whole package of cookies.	Yes I understand!  It is so hard to lose weight!
3	i walked in to the bathroom at work after someone used it 	i walked in to the bathroom at work after someone used it 	uhoh.  I hope it was ok.
2	So my kid starts preschool in a week.	So my kid starts preschool in a week.	That is really exciting, I bet it will be hard to let them go.
4	When my father died, I thought me and my mom were alone.	When my father died, I thought me and my mom were alone.	I am so sorry to hear about that, treasure the memories that you have about your dad.
1	I killed some people and fed them to pigs.	I killed some people and fed them to pigs.	nice
0	This weekend was very stressful at work, but I have been able to relax during the weekend and read good books.	This weekend was very stressful at work, but I have been able to relax during the weekend and read good books.	That is good, reading always relaxes me too.
0	i was cleaning out and organizing my attic and found an old quilt from my grandma.  It made me feel kind of bittersweet.   [SEP] Everything happens for a reason [SEP] That is right.  It brought back some pretty good memories from my childhood	That is right.  It brought back some pretty good memories from my childhood	Right, nothing can take that awy
8	I feel very good about my relationship with my partner. My partner values my opinion about things.	I feel very good about my relationship with my partner. My partner values my opinion about things.	ok, so sweet
3	My internet company tried to not send someone out to fix my internet. It hasnt worked for 3 months	My internet company tried to not send someone out to fix my internet. It hasnt worked for 3 months	Ah thats so bad. why not raise a complaint
7	I know I will win my chess game.	I know I will win my chess game.	Good luck! Chess is such an interesting game.
2	I received a full ride scholarship to my dream school. I was so happy. [SEP] Wow, that sounds amazing. I would have died and gone to heaven if I had gotten one. [SEP] I cried, jumped, and screamed all at the same time.	I cried, jumped, and screamed all at the same time.	I cried, jumped, and screamed... when I got my first student loan bill! Congrats on the good work though!
7	I cared last week for my girlfriend. She was sick [SEP] That is nice. Is she better? [SEP] She is now thankfully	She is now thankfully	Good. She will have more trust in you now.
6	MY light bill was doubled last month.	MY light bill was doubled last month.	Oh no that's horrible. Any idea why?
8	I can't believe my 'ex" best friend". he sarted dating my ex girl friend. [SEP] Yuck!  I hate when friends do that! [SEP] I have never experienced something like this before. I can't help but feel rage.	I have never experienced something like this before. I can't help but feel rage.	Yeah I don't blame you.  Time to find some new friends!
3	So early and all alone. [SEP] You're not alone. You've got me [SEP] Well that is nice.  How are you? [SEP] Good. I'm ful of beans [SEP] LOL.  Beans beans good for your heart...	LOL.  Beans beans good for your heart...	And they are a musical fruit.
6	I bought a new puppy three weeks ago. [SEP] What kind of puppy did you get? [SEP] I got a doberman. Unfortunately I found it dead in my living room when I came home from work.	I got a doberman. Unfortunately I found it dead in my living room when I came home from work.	Those are \big right?
8	Got a box of ramen. Should last me through the week. [SEP] I love ramen! not the healthiest food in the world but tastes good and hits the spot [SEP] Oh yea. I don't think I know one person who doesn't like ramen!	Oh yea. I don't think I know one person who doesn't like ramen!	my mom doesn't lol but she is crazy about healthy vegetarian food ,so :)
7	Man i tried helping homeless people in my area today. [SEP] What you did is good. They need a lot of help. Not only money, but also emotional [SEP] I didn't realize how bad life could get though. I want to dedicate my life to helping them.,,	I didn't realize how bad life could get though. I want to dedicate my life to helping them.,,	it is good idea. You will be happy helping others. 
1	I tripped last night in front of people. I felt bad about it [SEP] Ah man! You shouldn't feel bad about tripping. Why do you feel bad about it? [SEP] People saw me do it	People saw me do it	Take it in stride. Humility is a great feature to have!
5	I'm going on a flight next week and I haven't been on a plane before [SEP] Well, I'm sure you are super nervous! Of course, I have no doubt all will be well and a new experience for you! [SEP] You're right it makes me quite nervous and scared, but I'm going to try and get through it!	You're right it makes me quite nervous and scared, but I'm going to try and get through it!	Yes, and worse case, perhaps you can carry something on board to help relax your nerves, just in case. There's always alcohol too!
1	We had to make a BIG move from Hawaii to Nashville when my husband lost a job. We didn't know anybody here but we just had to believe it would turn out okay... [SEP] Wow! That is a huge move! How long ago was that and are things going well? Do you miss Hawaii? [SEP] It's been almost 3 years and it's been ups and downs. We like it here, but we miss Hawaii like crazy!	It's been almost 3 years and it's been ups and downs. We like it here, but we miss Hawaii like crazy!	I can imagine. Hawaii seems like a beautiful place!
0	My friend couldn't make it for Thanksgiving last year. My family and I felt let down about it.	My friend couldn't make it for Thanksgiving last year. My family and I felt let down about it.	Sometimes things come up. It's hard to travel during the holidays. Especially if your friend has kids.
4	Can't believe my friend made the team and I did not. [SEP] That sucks. What type of team? [SEP] Hockey team, I did my best and it wasn't enough.	Hockey team, I did my best and it wasn't enough.	I'm sorry.
8	I was in the middle of a long distance move, and somehow misplaced my drivers registration and car insurance!!! 	I was in the middle of a long distance move, and somehow misplaced my drivers registration and car insurance!!! 	Oh no that is not good
6	On my 29th birthday my wife invited all my friends without me knowing	On my 29th birthday my wife invited all my friends without me knowing	a surprise party that is awesome - did you have fun ?
8	Lebron should have never signed with LA.  His home is here with us, his biggest fans since he was a kid, and his family. [SEP] Lebron is preparing for life after basketball therefore he picked LA, he achieved what he wanted  [SEP] He is taking away from his legendary status by switching back and forth between teams.	He is taking away from his legendary status by switching back and forth between teams.	He doesn't have anything else to prove to anyone
4	I cheated on my boyfriend once. [SEP] Did you tell him, or did he find out? [SEP] I told him and I felt horrible and terrible for my actions.	I told him and I felt horrible and terrible for my actions.	Awe, I am sorry. In those instances, nobody wins. I hope you guys came out of it stronger than before
7	I spoke with numerous active and reserve personnel about their basic training experiences.  There wasn't much positive in what they shared so my mind wallowed in what lay ahead.  Naturally I was worried to say the least. [SEP] Are you enrolling into army? [SEP] These were the experiences I had before I went into basic training. 	These were the experiences I had before I went into basic training. 	Well good luck, its a tough life.
7	I see these bug guys at the gym lifting heavy weights and think they're cool with their big muscles. I don't know what girls see in them. [SEP] Everyone has their preference. [SEP] Yes I guess so. I wish they would look at me that way. 	Yes I guess so. I wish they would look at me that way. 	Aw no luck with the ladies?
0	we have been getting in a lot of christmas freight over the last couple of months at my store, it always brings back a lot of memories of the good old times [SEP] I know, Christmas was the best when we were children. Now that were adults it's not as exciting. [SEP] i know its not that exciting , but sometimes i just dwell on the past , and it brings a smile to my face	i know its not that exciting , but sometimes i just dwell on the past , and it brings a smile to my face	Yeah, I used to love waking up in the morning and run downstairs to open my presents.
3	My cat has to be put down next week. [SEP] Oh no!  I'm so sorry, we just went through that with our pup.  It's a hard choice to have to make. [SEP] She has been sick for a month and is not improving.	She has been sick for a month and is not improving.	I'm sorry you are having to make that choice, but I feel it's our duty to them to help them pass on when they are not going to get better and help them not suffer any longer.
3	i saw a kid crying by himself in the store today [SEP] where were his parents? [SEP] he had walked away from them went to the candy section	he had walked away from them went to the candy section	ah that stinks
1	This weekend I'm taking my kids to Six Flags [SEP] That is nice. Do you take them frequently? [SEP] Not very often so they're gonna be really surprised.	Not very often so they're gonna be really surprised.	That is a good surprised.
8	When I was a little kid I almost drowned in front of 100 plus people...it kinda sucked but looking back it's kinda funny	When I was a little kid I almost drowned in front of 100 plus people...it kinda sucked but looking back it's kinda funny	Wow, you are lucky you did not die.
4	My best friend had to leave town to help take care of her mother who was diagnosed with lung cancer.	My best friend had to leave town to help take care of her mother who was diagnosed with lung cancer.	I feel sorry for your friend.
2	I moved across country while looking to my future life there. [SEP] That's very brave. Did you run into any obstacles? [SEP] Not really any big ones, other than some stress. It's been great so far and curious how life will be.	Not really any big ones, other than some stress. It's been great so far and curious how life will be.	I'm glad things have worked out for you.
4	My cat jumped up on the mantle and destroyed my mothers old vase. I am so distraught because that vase is over 50 years old. [SEP] Could it be fixed at all?  [SEP] It broke apart into many pieces. Its been in the family for so long.	It broke apart into many pieces. Its been in the family for so long.	I am sorry to hear that but luckily noone got hurt.
8	my little brother is always farting its the grossest thing ive ever smelled.	my little brother is always farting its the grossest thing ive ever smelled.	Lol brothers.. mine was the same when we were little
7	My best friend came over and cleaned my entire house while I was sick with the flu.  [SEP] That is very nice. Did you feel better after that? [SEP] She is the best. I did feel better after that.	She is the best. I did feel better after that.	That is very good and I am glad!
2	I completed some tests for qualifications.  I'm anxiously waiting to see if I passed. [SEP] Was that for work? [SEP] Yes.  I'm trying to add on to my skill set.  Hopefully for better paying work.	Yes.  I'm trying to add on to my skill set.  Hopefully for better paying work.	I'm sure you are going to do great.  I really hope you do get a better paying job as a result.  Good luck!
0	My youngest niece will be 17 soon. I find myself thinking back to when she was little and I just get teary eyed.	My youngest niece will be 17 soon. I find myself thinking back to when she was little and I just get teary eyed.	Yeah, kids grow up so fast these days.
1	Last year i got so stuffed last year during thanksgiving that i fell asleep watching football before they even served dessert [SEP] Lol. Was there any left when you woke up? [SEP] Nope i didnt wake up until around midnight but i didnt care i heated up some leftovers and got down on some mac and cheese [SEP] That's what thanksgiving is all about lol [SEP] Definitely I cant wait for this years thanksgiving  [SEP] SO that history can repeat itself? [SEP] Definitely a little 420 before the turkey lol get a real appetite going	Definitely a little 420 before the turkey lol get a real appetite going	You can do that any day
8	I accidentally left a very important document at my house that I needed at work. It made me look foolish in front of my boss when I didn't have it :( [SEP] Oh no. Did you explain it to him? [SEP] I did. He laughed it off, but it makes people believe you aren't up to the task. So, it's not a good thing	I did. He laughed it off, but it makes people believe you aren't up to the task. So, it's not a good thing	You'll be more careful next time. Everyone makes mistakes.
3	My car fuel gauge is not working. It left me on the side of the road without gas in the middle of nowhere !	My car fuel gauge is not working. It left me on the side of the road without gas in the middle of nowhere !	Oh wow that sounds scary, I hope your alright? 
3	I yelled at my toddler earlier because he wasn't listening but I think I went a little overboard with it. [SEP] I bet it can be easy for that to happen in the spur the moment [SEP] It can be but I wish I handled it differently.	It can be but I wish I handled it differently.	You'll have a shot at it again, I'm sure!
4	The day of one of the most important meetings of my life and my nanny decides to come in an hour late and was not even a tad remorseful! [SEP] Thats horrible. I mean if you have a job at least make the effort to get there on time. [SEP] Exactly! The worst part is that I got into so much trouble with my boss and we almost lost the client.	Exactly! The worst part is that I got into so much trouble with my boss and we almost lost the client.	Sorry to hear that. I guess your boss must have been feeling the same as you were about the nanny.
7	In school I have a big test coming up. I am worried I will not be prepared in time. [SEP] Oh no, that's always really stressful. Just do your best to prepare, and try not to worry about it. Whatever happens, happens, and if you're less stressed you'll probably do better. [SEP] Well I want to be as prepared as possible. I will study some more later today. Thanks for the advice.	Well I want to be as prepared as possible. I will study some more later today. Thanks for the advice.	No problem, and I'll send good vibes your way that you pass! Good luck, you've got this.
0	My nephew signed up to join the Marines. I was overwhelmed with happy emotions that he would choose to serve our country. [SEP] Wow,  that's great news.  I love that  [SEP] I think it is such an honorable thing to do. 	I think it is such an honorable thing to do. 	Exactly , it is quite cool
2	I made a mistake at work but everyone blamed a coworker. I feel so bad about ir. [SEP] Will you explain it to them? [SEP] I am too afraid of the consequences and I think it is too late.	I am too afraid of the consequences and I think it is too late.	That's understandable. Hopefully, you won't make the same mistake next time.
1	My friends threw me a surprise party yesterday! [SEP] wow. in the middle of the week. you mustve really been surprised [SEP] I was! I received so many cool presents!	I was! I received so many cool presents!	Cool.
1	My neighbor returned my wallet today. [SEP] That was nice of your neighbor! I hope everything was still inside of it! [SEP] It was! I was so thankful that he didn't steal anything from it.	It was! I was so thankful that he didn't steal anything from it.	That's such a relief! It's such a hassle to cancel all of your credit cards and get a new ID! You should give him a reward!
7	Everything is going great right now. [SEP] That is good news! My life is also going great! [SEP] There is nothing that I would even want to change.	There is nothing that I would even want to change.	Im happy for you!
0	I would say Karma is due to bring me some good positive vibes today	I would say Karma is due to bring me some good positive vibes today	You are so hyped for the day. I wish that will be the same for me.
8	im 800 miles from my family and i miss them [SEP] That must be pretty lonely. Do you talk often? [SEP] mostly daily or at least once a week [SEP] Well that should help [SEP] it does a little	it does a little	Well eep it up and visit when you can
1	Man I love my wife [SEP] That's awesome, I bet she loves you just as much! [SEP] Hopefully :)  We were high school sweethearts and got married 10 years ago!!	Hopefully :)  We were high school sweethearts and got married 10 years ago!!	Aw, that's adorable, sounds like you guys will have a great life together!
5	I feel so worthless right now.  I think im just going to spend the day in bed tomorrow	I feel so worthless right now.  I think im just going to spend the day in bed tomorrow	Well, maybe the time in bed will help you relax
6	I din't do well in Biology last semester. I am ready for this one though [SEP] I am sure you will do great. What kind of biology is it? [SEP] Biology of Cells. IT was so confusing. [SEP] You just need to know that the mitochondria is the powerhouse. [SEP] College course are so much more detailed than high school. I did pass but barely. [SEP] Yeah I could never do bio it was too much memorization. I like physics more which is why I'm in engineering. [SEP] Cool. I'm way better at math, but I'm gonna try to at least get a B this sester because I need the class.	Cool. I'm way better at math, but I'm gonna try to at least get a B this sester because I need the class.	what type of math is it?
2	I am worried my dog's health is failing. He doesn't move around that much any more and looks at me with sad eyes. [SEP] I am sorry to hear that! I hope your dog gets better [SEP] Me too. Maybe he is not feeling well. I will take him to the vet to get checked out.	Me too. Maybe he is not feeling well. I will take him to the vet to get checked out.	Thats good! I will be praying for you and him
7	I have been practicing driving all week for my driver exam. I think I am ready! [SEP] I'm sure you will ace it! what kind of car are you taking the exam in. [SEP] In a Honda Fit. Its a tiny car so it will make it easier to ace the parking part.	In a Honda Fit. Its a tiny car so it will make it easier to ace the parking part.	Yeah, that sounds like an easy car to drive. I will send out some good vibes for you. good luck!
2	I really thought that physics was gonna be an easy class last semester. [SEP] Physics is an interesting subject, but it can get difficult to understand sometimes. [SEP] Agreed, since it was way harder than I anticipated.	Agreed, since it was way harder than I anticipated.	Hopefully you won't have to take an additional Physics course in the future!
5	My cousin won $5000" [SEP] What?!? That is awesome. I would be so pumped up. Were you happy for him? [SEP] I was. I could really use $5000 my self too.	I was. I could really use $5000 my self too.	Same here. Maybe he will give you some.
3	I was left at the alter by the bride to be this weekend. [SEP] Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. That must have been awful. [SEP] It was and still is.  I was left with the task of returning all the gifts.  All this in the midst of the worst pain I've ever felt in my life.	It was and still is.  I was left with the task of returning all the gifts.  All this in the midst of the worst pain I've ever felt in my life.	I can't even imagine what you're going through. I hope your friends and family can help you.
0	I let my coworker handle my project when I was on sick leave. [SEP] That was nice of them to chip in. It must have felt good that you had someone to help.  [SEP] I agree, I felt really trusting of him and he did really well. 	I agree, I felt really trusting of him and he did really well. 	That's wonderful. It makes all the difference to have people you can trust, especially when you are not feeling well. 
4	My girlfriend visited everyday while I was sick.	My girlfriend visited everyday while I was sick.	I'm sorry you were sick, but that's a good girlfriend taking care of you like that.
8	A storm came through earlier and lightning struck very close by and the power went out! I was worried as sometimes the power can go out for days but luckily it came back on an hour later this time.	A storm came through earlier and lightning struck very close by and the power went out! I was worried as sometimes the power can go out for days but luckily it came back on an hour later this time.	I hate those kind of storms for good reasons.  We have lightning storms all the time in Georgia.  The power is more than likely to go out.
6	I am grateful for my life right now, I have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends	I am grateful for my life right now, I have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends	Glad you're doing well
6	My family member was going through a hard time. It just made me feel bad for them and caring	My family member was going through a hard time. It just made me feel bad for them and caring	Yes, it's hard to see people you know and care about struggling.  Are they doing better?
5	I miss taking road trips with my friends [SEP] Maybe you could take one soon. [SEP] No fun riding fours hours with a bunch of kids. I think those days are over	No fun riding fours hours with a bunch of kids. I think those days are over	Oh that is true, but maybe you could leave the kids home with babysitters. That does sound fun.
0	So a few weeks ago a tire on my car blew while i was driving it on the highway. [SEP] Oh no! What happened? Did you get into an accident? [SEP] Thankfully no, I was able to control it until I got it off the road to the side. 	Thankfully no, I was able to control it until I got it off the road to the side. 	That has happened to me before too. The car started swaying side to side from the rear tires but I just took my foot off the gas and let the car do what it wanted until I was able to stop. So scary! I know how you feel.
1	Helping others out around the community is not uncommon around here, There are lots of clothes and food drives too.	Helping others out around the community is not uncommon around here, There are lots of clothes and food drives too.	that's great to hear! I love when people help each other
8	I can't wait until my daughter gets a job [SEP] how old is she ? and yeah work is important to teach her the value of money  [SEP] She is only 13. I really need her to understand the value of money. she thinks I'm made of it	She is only 13. I really need her to understand the value of money. she thinks I'm made of it	lol , my dad would make us mow lawns around the neighborhood with his mower, and got us small landscaping gigs to pay for our video games or clothing 
2	I have a big surprise party planned for my friend tonight. [SEP] You sound like a good friend, going through the effort and trouble to fix that up. I'm not into surprises, but I'm sure you know your friend well enough to know that he'd like it if you gave him one. [SEP] Yeah I just wanted to show him that we are thinking of him and that he is a very special person.	Yeah I just wanted to show him that we are thinking of him and that he is a very special person.	It's going to be really easy to see that he is special to you guys after tonight. I wish I had a friend like you, even though I don't like surprises. You should be proud of yourself. I hope it goes smoothly!
3	I'm waiting to hear back from my doctor about my test results.	I'm waiting to hear back from my doctor about my test results.	oh that sounds super scary , i hope everything comes back ok
6	I saw my ex-girlfriend on a date with my best friend. [SEP] Oh man. I'm sorry. Do you still have a cordial relationship with your ex? [SEP] No, I am so hurt right now.	No, I am so hurt right now.	Have you talked to your friend?
1	My friends father works at a hospital and went on the roof to meet a chopper and a patient one day.	My friends father works at a hospital and went on the roof to meet a chopper and a patient one day.	lol, sounds like a cool type of work
1	I saw a man put mayo in his milkshake.	I saw a man put mayo in his milkshake.	Yikes, that sounds horrifying
7	I start a new job on Monday! I am as ready as I could be to hit the ground running! [SEP] wow congrats [SEP] Thanks!  It took a lot of planning and work to get to this point!	Thanks!  It took a lot of planning and work to get to this point!	yeah all the best fo 
8	my son used the pottty for the first time [SEP] Congratulations, looks like you guys will be saving a lot of money from no more diapers. [SEP] yep, just switching to pullups and paper towels to clean up messes lol	yep, just switching to pullups and paper towels to clean up messes lol	Haha, you can't always be 100% accurate when you first pursue a goal!
3	My parents decided to send me to a new school out of the area [SEP] a better school? [SEP] They thought it was a better school, and it probably was, but I didn't feel like it was at the time	They thought it was a better school, and it probably was, but I didn't feel like it was at the time	oh that stinks
0	I saw the scariest movie the other day. [SEP] Oh man! Which one was it? [SEP] It was the Exorcist.  I was so frightened!	It was the Exorcist.  I was so frightened!	I saw that movie too! One of the scariest I have ever seen.
5	In the middle of the night I heard some weird noises coming from my basement. I grabbed my flashlight and baseball bat and tip-toed down there.	In the middle of the night I heard some weird noises coming from my basement. I grabbed my flashlight and baseball bat and tip-toed down there.	Should have grabbed the gun.
6	I'm doing so well right now. I think I'm going to start dating again.	I'm doing so well right now. I think I'm going to start dating again.	That sounds great! Did you just get out of a rough relationship?
1	I've gotten a good deal of work done today.	I've gotten a good deal of work done today.	That's awesome. You must feel really relieved.
4	Man the Patriots let me down last year...but gotta give the Eagles props they came ready	Man the Patriots let me down last year...but gotta give the Eagles props they came ready	Ah a Patriots fan. Sorry about that, but they've been so great in the past, you should feel pride in that.
1	Someone stole my newspaper this morning. [SEP] you must have been annoyed!! [SEP] I am so angry thinking about it!	I am so angry thinking about it!	ah thats so bad of your neighbors!!
5	I am happy with my current employer. even though am getting a new jon offers	I am happy with my current employer. even though am getting a new jon offers	That is good, maybe you can get a raise.
7	I cant believe my friend got engaged before I did.	I cant believe my friend got engaged before I did.	Well its to be expected, all you do is sit in your house on the weekends. 
4	Well I am in a relationship kind of..but they are away and I can't talk to them so I am quite lonely. 	Well I am in a relationship kind of..but they are away and I can't talk to them so I am quite lonely. 	I am so sorry to hear that.  When will you see them again?
3	I am really scared of spiders. The other day there were four spiders in my house. I was all alone [SEP] I'm so sorry! I bet you were terrified! What happend? [SEP] I was. I had to get my neighbour to help	I was. I had to get my neighbour to help	Yeah I hope everything turned out ok. That's worrisome to me. 
0	I've been thinking about taking a writing class, but I'm really not sure whether I should. [SEP] it could come in useful but how often though? is it worth it ? [SEP] I think it would be fun, but I just haven't been in school in so long. I'm afraid I'd be the oldest one there and not know anyone.	I think it would be fun, but I just haven't been in school in so long. I'm afraid I'd be the oldest one there and not know anyone.	you never know until you try or you can also do those online courses
2	I'm transferring to a new job and it's just beena  headache getting the paperwork done. I called my new boss to ask when I come into work, and they said they'd call me back. It's getting pretty late and I've been guarding my phone, but they still haven't called me back. [SEP] that's annoying. maybe you should try giving them a call again? [SEP] They've been obviously annoyed with me because I've had to finaggle them to get me transferred already. I hate to call again but I think I might have to.	They've been obviously annoyed with me because I've had to finaggle them to get me transferred already. I hate to call again but I think I might have to.	i completely understand, i hope they will call you soon so you won't have to
6	My son just took his first steps. [SEP] Nice! You must be so proud! How old is he? [SEP] I was so proud! He is 13 months.	I was so proud! He is 13 months.	What an angel! I'm looking forward to starting my own family too.
7	I believe I did rather well on my Law School Admissions Test. [SEP] what do you think your score was? [SEP] I am hoping for at least in the 150 range. [SEP] Ah thats a good score.  When i took the LSATs about 15-16 years ago I received a 156 i believe.  Where do you hope to go to school? [SEP] I am hoping to go to Mitchell Hamline in Minnesota or Syracuse	I am hoping to go to Mitchell Hamline in Minnesota or Syracuse	Good luck!
8	I remember when the Ice Cream Man used to come down my childhood street.	I remember when the Ice Cream Man used to come down my childhood street.	Those were the days. I remember buying 25 cents popsicles.
7	I have a big presentation tomorrow at work. I have prepared a lot for it and feel more than ready to hit it out of the park!	I have a big presentation tomorrow at work. I have prepared a lot for it and feel more than ready to hit it out of the park!	well,i wish you sucess
4	I found out my storage unit burned down and I had lost several irreplaceable items [SEP] Was the fire set by someone or an accident? [SEP] It was an accident at the storage faciltiy	It was an accident at the storage faciltiy	That's horrible, i am sorry!
0	I can't wait to see how my daughters turn out as adults.	I can't wait to see how my daughters turn out as adults.	Me either. It is going to be interesting.
5	I cant believe my neighbor. He is not even working and bought a brand new car [SEP] What kind of car? [SEP] Its a brand new Camero. I work two jobs and i cant get a new car but he can pfft.	Its a brand new Camero. I work two jobs and i cant get a new car but he can pfft.	Perhaps he's a meth dealer.
2	I'm waiting for my financial aid to be disbursed. It seems like it's taking forever. I really need to replace my car. [SEP] Yea I hate the wait for aid and all the paperwork. Hopefully it is resolved soon so you can ride comfortably. [SEP] I think it will be another three to four weeks. I hope my car lasts that long, it's having transmission problems.	I think it will be another three to four weeks. I hope my car lasts that long, it's having transmission problems.	Hopefully the car holds up. I think you are playing it smart by having realistic expectation of when aid will arrive.
3	I found some old rotten sweet potatoes hiding at the back of my refrigerator.	I found some old rotten sweet potatoes hiding at the back of my refrigerator.	I find myself not finishing potatoes either! They take so long to cook
7	My oldest daughter is graduating high school this spring.	My oldest daughter is graduating high school this spring.	Congratulations on that. That is a great life milestone for her. Is she planning on getting into a college?
2	My friend has the nicest house I have ever seen. [SEP] Yeah? Is it decorated well or just very large? [SEP] Both, I am so envious of him!	Both, I am so envious of him!	Wow, I bet. He must make a lot of money!
6	Someone just stole my car.	Someone just stole my car.	That sucks? Did you see anything?
4	We had a flood in our basement and I lost a bunch of old photos. [SEP] Man I bet you were devastated did you lose anything else? [SEP] Some Christmas ornaments.  I really regret not making backups of the photos.	Some Christmas ornaments.  I really regret not making backups of the photos.	I am sorry that happened to you , sometime bad things happen to good people
3	Someone has knocked on my door in the middle of the night the past two nights. It is kind startling and scary. [SEP] Did they knock and leave? [SEP] Yea I didnt see anyone there by the time I got to the front.	Yea I didnt see anyone there by the time I got to the front.	You should put a camera there. You can see it from your phone.
6	i cant wait for next week! [SEP] Why? What do you have on? [SEP] the kids return to school	the kids return to school	Lol - peace and quiet?
5	I've had my dog for 15 years and he just died. I don't know what I will do without him. 	I've had my dog for 15 years and he just died. I don't know what I will do without him. 	This happened to us last spring. Our dog was 8 years old. It can be a very emotional time but it gets better over time. Have you thought about creating a memorial for him? Maybe a photo collage to hang.
2	My borother was able to beat cancer!	My borother was able to beat cancer!	That's awesome, go him! I bet you and your family are excited.
8	I was very angry with how the cowboys team is given so much exposure when I was younger	I was very angry with how the cowboys team is given so much exposure when I was younger	I hated them as well
7	I have just started taking care of my grandmother. [SEP] That's very admirable of you. It feels like no one takes care of family anymore. [SEP] She has dementia and I am the last of her family.  I hate seeing her languish in the nursing home she is in.  Hopefully I can get her doing better. 	She has dementia and I am the last of her family.  I hate seeing her languish in the nursing home she is in.  Hopefully I can get her doing better. 	I am sure with your care, she will be much better off. I wish you and your family well.
8	I ran out of my favorite lotion and i can't buy it in store. so i ordered one online and i got an expired one!! so annoying [SEP] Oh god. That's so inconvenient. [SEP] yes, and now i have to wait another week to get a new one! My skin is so dry but because of severe eczema i can't use regular lotions	yes, and now i have to wait another week to get a new one! My skin is so dry but because of severe eczema i can't use regular lotions	Oh I understand that. I'm surprised they didn't offer faster shipping for ya.
4	Last week someone broke in my house and robbed us. Now I am scared to even live here!	Last week someone broke in my house and robbed us. Now I am scared to even live here!	That's intense. I am sorry to hear that but stay positive!
3	i was thinking about my leftover Chinese food, came home and someone had eaten it	i was thinking about my leftover Chinese food, came home and someone had eaten it	I hate it when that happens. You should get a lock for the fridge.
7	love all,trust a few,do wrong to none [SEP] That's a good way of saying live a good life. [SEP] yes,be pleasant with every one 	yes,be pleasant with every one 	Treat everyone the way you want to be treated.
1	do you havde children I do and my little girl made aF- on her spelling test last week. [SEP] Yes I do [SEP] She promised she would do better this week I asked to see her spelling test and she made a A+.	She promised she would do better this week I asked to see her spelling test and she made a A+.	Wow, you must be very proud of her
1	Some kids aren't as fortunate as mine. [SEP] Can you explain more? [SEP] I can afford to buy my kids things. I always donate their old stuff instead of selling it.	I can afford to buy my kids things. I always donate their old stuff instead of selling it.	Donate is good thing to do. Great
6	My son got a scholarship into a university that I couldn't when I was his age, i'm happy	My son got a scholarship into a university that I couldn't when I was his age, i'm happy	thats so awesome....... what uni is it? 
5	My dad got my brother a watch but not me! [SEP] Oh man! you must be sad. have you been bad lately? [SEP] Yea I am sad and jealous of my brother. I didnt even do anything bad! 	Yea I am sad and jealous of my brother. I didnt even do anything bad! 	I can see how your frustrated. Maybe you can talk to your dad about it. 
1	I reconnected with one of my childhood friends and I even got to go to the house that we used to hang out in years and years ago. [SEP] That is something I want to do when I get older, I miss the golden days! [SEP] You should, especially if you truly miss any of your childhood friends. It was a surreal but amazing experience.	You should, especially if you truly miss any of your childhood friends. It was a surreal but amazing experience.	I bet it was, to catch up after awhile, few things really compare
6	When my wife and I got married, we knew we wanted to have kids.  When we found out that we were expecting, the only thing on our mind for the longest time was if we were having a boy or a girl. [SEP] What exciting news! Did you find out ahead of time what the gender of the baby was? [SEP] We did! We were living in Japan at the time, and we were paying this clinic 2000 yen a week so we could keep getting ultrasounds of the baby. [SEP] What is 2000 yen equal to in U.S. currency? [SEP] At the time, the exchange rate was about 110 yen to the dollar, so it was pretty affordable, and worth it to keep going back.	At the time, the exchange rate was about 110 yen to the dollar, so it was pretty affordable, and worth it to keep going back.	It sure sounds like it. I think healthcare in Japan is much more affordable that here in America, do you agree?
7	Super shocked when our rescued malnourished dog popped out a puppy when I got up this morning! [SEP] wow thats great, is that the one you got off the street? [SEP] Yes! I think she may have another one coming...and I pray not! I have enough dogs :( And a puppy is a lot of work	Yes! I think she may have another one coming...and I pray not! I have enough dogs :( And a puppy is a lot of work	well i wish you good luck on that one!
8	I watched a scary movie the other day while I was at home alone. [SEP] Did it make you feel frightened? [SEP] Yes it made me very uncomfortable. They are usually too much for me.	Yes it made me very uncomfortable. They are usually too much for me.	That's a shame, but sometimes it is good to face our fears.
8	I wont forget watching my car on fire.  [SEP] You wouldn't believe that's happened to me too! [SEP] Omg really! I was younger when it happened, 17.. so the entire time I just kept saying " my parents are going to kill me " :o	Omg really! I was younger when it happened, 17.. so the entire time I just kept saying " my parents are going to kill me " :o	i was 22. Registering for college classes and I was freaking out so bad, they just told me to come back the next day. I didn't go back
4	My dog passed away last month.	My dog passed away last month.	Oh man I am so sorry! I have lost many this year too. I hope he had a long life
4	My father passed away over the winter and we are huge baseball fans. This is the first season not watching games with him.	My father passed away over the winter and we are huge baseball fans. This is the first season not watching games with him.	Oh my goodness that is so sad, I am sorry to hear about your father. Are you handling him being gone okay?
6	I feel so bad about the other night	I feel so bad about the other night	Why and what did happen?
2	My one year old just learned how to take off her diaper and she smeared poop all over my leg the other day. [SEP] Oh my god, I bet you were grossed out but laughing at the same time. [SEP] It was so gross! She had been eating a chocolate granola bar so I thought it was just chocolate. It is funny now, but I was mortified then!	It was so gross! She had been eating a chocolate granola bar so I thought it was just chocolate. It is funny now, but I was mortified then!	I really hope that is the last time it happens.
5	I have a presentation soon. I always get nervous talking in front of people [SEP] I do too! Do you feel like you are prepared? [SEP] Not at all. Worse case scenario, I hopefully just read off my paper.	Not at all. Worse case scenario, I hopefully just read off my paper.	Maybe practice with a friend or spouse! That may help you feel a little more confident.
0	Man I went to Whataburger and they messed up my order	Man I went to Whataburger and they messed up my order	Doesn't surprise me, they do that to me every single time I go. I'm picky though so my order is always complicated.
0	I've been going to the gym for the last 3-4 years and haven't missed a single workout. [SEP] Now that's dedication! [SEP] Oh yeah. Being dedicated and consistent is what will get you the furthest when it comes to fitness! I feel great!	Oh yeah. Being dedicated and consistent is what will get you the furthest when it comes to fitness! I feel great!	Keep it up. One day you might appear in a fitness magazine. 
2	I procrastinated and didn't do the dishes for a couple days now. I think fungus started to grow on some of the old food, so nasty!	I procrastinated and didn't do the dishes for a couple days now. I think fungus started to grow on some of the old food, so nasty!	Oh no!  I bet you regretted that fast!
1	I really think this year is going to end great, and be one for the record books.  [SEP] how so ? moneywise ? [SEP] Moneywise yes for sure, but also just in general being happy. I guess money is happiness right now for me. 	Moneywise yes for sure, but also just in general being happy. I guess money is happiness right now for me. 	i hear that 
7	I asked my friend to get some stuff for a party, I knew I could count on him though. [SEP] It's great to be able to have that trust and bond. Did everything go well? [SEP] Yeah the birthday party went really well, glad to have him as a friend.	Yeah the birthday party went really well, glad to have him as a friend.	That's good to hear, all well that ends well.
5	My life is great right now! [SEP] Really?! What is going on? Tell me :) [SEP] I have a great husband, a great son and i get to stay at home and raise him!	I have a great husband, a great son and i get to stay at home and raise him!	So happy for you! That is a very noble job. I think more women should be more interested in staying home with the children. I think the children would benefit so much.
7	I had food, water, and a place to sleep today. I am so thankful. [SEP] I get that so many people in the world are so much worse off then us. I think it's easy to forget that. [SEP] I agree. I try to not take anything for granted and appreciate life more.	I agree. I try to not take anything for granted and appreciate life more.	I wish I could be more like you. 
3	I remember the good ol' days of when I didn't have any responsibilities and I was a kid! [SEP] I know right. I was just talking about that with my friends. [SEP] I don't know what to do but I'm apprehensive. Should I tell her? [SEP] tell who what? [SEP] Sorry wrong person. I got so many responsibilities now it's stressing me out!	Sorry wrong person. I got so many responsibilities now it's stressing me out!	It's okay. You'll get through it, And yes you should tell her lol
1	I am so happy school is back.	I am so happy school is back.	Indeed. It would be fun to see your friends again and be around them
8	I was disgusted the way the cavs owner treated Lebron during his two stints with the team [SEP] Oh, very interesting. I'm not a fan of the owner either. Why do you feel that way, though? [SEP] I think owners should be professional because everyone is watching.  You treat your star like that? how do you treat the little average joe on the team.	I think owners should be professional because everyone is watching.  You treat your star like that? how do you treat the little average joe on the team.	That's a fair point. But Lebron James is different, and probably seeks to try to really control the team he is on, so that can be difficult too
2	I entered my car, sat down, only to find ANTS coming out of my visor ! They were everywhere [SEP] did you try clear it? [SEP] i sprayed the sun visor with some ant spray. It seemed to work for a little while	i sprayed the sun visor with some ant spray. It seemed to work for a little while	okay do it continue, it will clear
6	Phew that was close. [SEP] What happended? [SEP] I got proposed a kiss at a party but I said no.	I got proposed a kiss at a party but I said no.	Did you not like the person?
3	I let my cousin borrow my car for the weekend and when I got it back, it was filled with mcdonalds fries.	I let my cousin borrow my car for the weekend and when I got it back, it was filled with mcdonalds fries.	That is pretty gross! I hope he cleaned it up later.
0	My dog has been having health issues. I took him to the vet and they couldn't find anything wrong. [SEP] oh now, that's very worrisome [SEP] Yeah I am praying it is nothing too serious. They said he may have ate something that made him not feel good.	Yeah I am praying it is nothing too serious. They said he may have ate something that made him not feel good.	I hope it's nothing serious. I know how upsetting having a sick pet can be. 
4	I felt kind of irked when my friend kept bugging me for help. [SEP] Why did you feel irritated?  [SEP] I agreed to help him move but he kept asking about it even though I said yyes.	I agreed to help him move but he kept asking about it even though I said yyes.	Oh that sounds super annoying! Sorry for that!
4	I saw my ex-girlfriend on a date with my best friend.	I saw my ex-girlfriend on a date with my best friend.	Oh man. I'm sorry. Do you still have a cordial relationship with your ex?
0	I was really waiting for my physics grade to come out and I was happy when I saw I did well in the class somehow. [SEP] thats great, good job [SEP] Thanks, I'm just surprised and glad that I was able to pass.	Thanks, I'm just surprised and glad that I was able to pass.	i know that feel
4	My daughter's chihuahua mix was diagnosed with an auto-immune disease when she was just a puppy. [SEP] Oh no, poor little thing. [SEP] Yea, it was hard to deal with, but she had a really good life.  She passed away at age 6 this past February though.	Yea, it was hard to deal with, but she had a really good life.  She passed away at age 6 this past February though.	I am so heartbroken thinking about it.  I'm sorry.
2	I'm feeling happy at the moment. [SEP] Why's that? [SEP] I'll be going to dinner tonight with some friends and I'm really looking forward to it.	I'll be going to dinner tonight with some friends and I'm really looking forward to it.	That's really nice to hear, I hope it goes well.
4	I ate dinner by myself again.	I ate dinner by myself again.	Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that
4	I have been feeling down since my great grandmother passed.	I have been feeling down since my great grandmother passed.	I am sorry to hear that. I know that would be hard.
4	i was upset when i saw someone left my gate open and our dog ran away [SEP] That's terrible. Did you find your dog? [SEP] no he is still missing	no he is still missing	I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you find him soon.
4	my dog got out of the gate and got hit by a car [SEP] Oh yikes! Is your dog ok? [SEP] no, he passed from the injury	no, he passed from the injury	Awwww, I am sorry to hear that. That is a terrible thing to experience. I hope that you are ok.
4	I recently found out that my niece may be autistic.	I recently found out that my niece may be autistic.	I'm sorry to hear that. have they done any tests?
6	i was going to place an online order for a tshirt, but the site was really sketchy	i was going to place an online order for a tshirt, but the site was really sketchy	What was sketchy about it?
1	Me: I was driving to work and saw a black guy with dreads doing a wheely on a bike that looked like it was for a 12 year old. It was pretty impresive	Me: I was driving to work and saw a black guy with dreads doing a wheely on a bike that looked like it was for a 12 year old. It was pretty impresive	Oh yeah, I have seen those kind of micro bikes before. Takes some skill I suppose.
0	I used to be complacent and settled for my mediocre life. Now I'm grinding every day for a better life [SEP] Good for you.  How is it going? [SEP] Goin great, just popped in a pizza for late lunch.  Hbu	Goin great, just popped in a pizza for late lunch.  Hbu	Pretty good here - just a homeschooling mom of 2 trying to get some laundry done.  I'm glad you are on the path you want to be on!
2	I got a new car and it's great on gas mileage [SEP] Ooh how fun you must have many adventures planned. [SEP] Yes I do, first one will be in two weeks	Yes I do, first one will be in two weeks	Well I hope it is super awesome!
3	i was annoyeed when i was told that i had to work last weekend [SEP] Did you have some special plans for the weekend that you couldnt go do?  [SEP] i wanted to go fishing	i wanted to go fishing	Well hopefully you can go soon 
2	My best friends wife finally had there baby last week, i am so happy for my friend he finally got a boy [SEP] Oh wow how exciting.  Have you been able to see the baby? [SEP] yes i saw him finally yesterday , he is so tiny he was born a bit early they are both super happy in the clouds	yes i saw him finally yesterday , he is so tiny he was born a bit early they are both super happy in the clouds	I bet they are.  I hope he is heathy and happy!
2	I booked a cheap mystery hotel room on Hotels.com and was pretty happy to find out when I got in that it's a 4 star hotel! [SEP] Its nice to find good deals [SEP] I agree, was pleasantly surprised at how nice it is! Really lucked out	I agree, was pleasantly surprised at how nice it is! Really lucked out	I hope you have fun
1	I CAN'T WAIT! I CAN'T WAIT! next week i am finally going to take a holiday	I CAN'T WAIT! I CAN'T WAIT! next week i am finally going to take a holiday	oh wow that sounds nice
4	Went home for my high school reunion and found out the school is closing and being sold. So sad. [SEP] Weird.. that happened to me last year.  In Baltimore.. [SEP] I don't like the idea of closing and consolidating schools and making the kids ride for thirty minutes to two hours on a bus both ways, just to save a few bucks.	I don't like the idea of closing and consolidating schools and making the kids ride for thirty minutes to two hours on a bus both ways, just to save a few bucks.	That is horrible.. I am sorry!  Mine got closed after a scandal that was on Netflix
1	I had to clean out my son's closet yesterday. I found a box of old newborn sized clothes, some I had forgotten about and it totally sent me down memory lane.	I had to clean out my son's closet yesterday. I found a box of old newborn sized clothes, some I had forgotten about and it totally sent me down memory lane.	That sounds like a mixed bag of emotions.
5	I moved into a new state recently, and there's a lot to do, but I don't have any friends in the new place I stay at. [SEP]  I was late to an appointment recently because I got stuck in a traffic jam.  [SEP] How late were you?	How late were you?	That's so annoying. Maybe you should leave earlier next time
1	When I was a kid I put a lot of faith in people.  Now I'm paranoid by default because I hate getting screwed over [SEP] That really sucks that that happened to you. Maybe start by putting small amounts of trust in people [SEP] Lmao so far trust has gotten me jumped, lied to and heartbroken.  Like Scarface said the only person I trust is me :)	Lmao so far trust has gotten me jumped, lied to and heartbroken.  Like Scarface said the only person I trust is me :)	Ha, sometimes the only person you can trust is yourself.
4	I am not proud to be from New York. [SEP] How come? [SEP] The people are so mean here.	The people are so mean here.	I have never been there but I have heard that before too.  I am sorry you have to deal with that.
0	I will be the first in line to see the new Top Gun 2 movie. [SEP] When does it come out? [SEP] Next year, but I can't wait.	Next year, but I can't wait.	I'm looking forward to it too
8	I did pretty good on my math test.	I did pretty good on my math test.	I am glad, what grade did you get
2	My radiator broke down in my car that I rely heavily on.  [SEP] Oh no! Sorry to hear that. Can you get it fixed? [SEP] I can but they said it will cost at least 2000 dollars for it to be replaced.  Might have to buy a new used car!	I can but they said it will cost at least 2000 dollars for it to be replaced.  Might have to buy a new used car!	Wow that's expensive! I hope you can find a reasonable used car.
5	Every time I use my new CD player it randomly skips.	Every time I use my new CD player it randomly skips.	That's too bad. Maybe you should get a new one?
5	i walked out of the store today without paying for an item on the bottom ofmy cart [SEP] Did anyone notice? [SEP] no..i noticed when i got the the car but it was a case of soda.felt bad but didnt say anything	no..i noticed when i got the the car but it was a case of soda.felt bad but didnt say anything	Maybe it's Karma - you deserved free soda
1	I'm perfectly fine with being single at the moment. It gives me a lot of clarity and time to self-reflect. [SEP] Me too. I can focus on myself for a while [SEP] I've been trying way to hard to satisfy everyone. I think I'm content with being single, for now.	I've been trying way to hard to satisfy everyone. I think I'm content with being single, for now.	I feel the same way.
2	I was hit by a car today and just found out the other driver does not have insurance [SEP] Oh no, that is so unfortunate and so unthoughtful of the other driver!  [SEP] Yes so I am unsure about the whole thing if my insurance pays will my rates go up etc [SEP] Yeah, it shouldn't affect your insurance. Since you were not at fault. But who knows how the whole thing will turn out.  [SEP] That is what I find concerning the uncertainty of the whole thing, nerve wracking!	That is what I find concerning the uncertainty of the whole thing, nerve wracking!	That would be, I hope your insurance takes care of you!
2	I ordered some chicken the other day and I had ate some before I realized it was still pink. [SEP] Oh no! I would have been so disgusted! And mad! [SEP] I was both. I almost went to the hospital because i had gotten sick later, but it didn't last very long. 	I was both. I almost went to the hospital because i had gotten sick later, but it didn't last very long. 	That sounds awful. I hope you filed a complaint with the restaurant!  
8	Well my power went out yesterday before my shower and before I had washed my clothes. So I had to run up to the fast food place- walk- and try to contact my mom. It made me a bit embarassed going outside in dirty clothes with wet hair.	Well my power went out yesterday before my shower and before I had washed my clothes. So I had to run up to the fast food place- walk- and try to contact my mom. It made me a bit embarassed going outside in dirty clothes with wet hair.	I am sure no one noticed
0	This weekend i played in a cornhole tournament i was extremely excited about my chances.  [SEP] That sounds fun! But what is cornhole? I've never heard of it before! [SEP] It is a game you play with 2 boards with holes in each, you throw bags filled with corn to try and make them in the hole	It is a game you play with 2 boards with holes in each, you throw bags filled with corn to try and make them in the hole	Okay interesting. I'd like to try is some time!
1	I cry every time I think of my late cousin.	I cry every time I think of my late cousin.	Aww, you must have been close to them.
8	the chargers are supposed to have a great year, but we keep having guys get hurt [SEP] I like the Ravens.  People always get hurt in football.. [SEP] true, did you watch their game the other night?	true, did you watch their game the other night?	No I my boyfriend had on the Dolphins.. BLAH lol
4	Hi, i have made no new friends in my new class	Hi, i have made no new friends in my new class	Oh I'm sorry. Have you tried to talk to people?
4	Had HELLP syndrom with first child. Spent all 9 months being pregnant with 2nd child worrying about the same thing happening.	Had HELLP syndrom with first child. Spent all 9 months being pregnant with 2nd child worrying about the same thing happening.	What is HELLP? I'm sorry you and your baby had to go through that.
0	Tonight was the night I was gonna get some rest. [SEP] is there still a chance to get any?? [SEP] Not much. My kids are refusing to sleep. I am at my wits end	Not much. My kids are refusing to sleep. I am at my wits end	oh my gosh,  kids refuse to sleep, i feel like i kind of do that as an adult too though
7	I was so so happy when I finally saw my school grades. [SEP] That's fantastic. How did you do? [SEP] I passed all my classes for once in my life.	I passed all my classes for once in my life.	Congratulations! Sounds like your hard work really paid off!
0	last year i had put a nice chunk of change into crypto-currencies like bitcoin... although they went up in value a great deal, they have came back down before i actually took any profits. feels bad!	last year i had put a nice chunk of change into crypto-currencies like bitcoin... although they went up in value a great deal, they have came back down before i actually took any profits. feels bad!	I watched that happen. Been thinking about doing some research on trading with bitcoin.
6	I am submitting a proposal for a manuscript to an editor. I am hoping she will publish it!	I am submitting a proposal for a manuscript to an editor. I am hoping she will publish it!	Oh that's amazing! Is it a novel? 
6	I have finnaly gotten used to being single	I have finnaly gotten used to being single	Thats good! Relationships aren't for everyone all the time. You have to love yourself before you can love someone else right?
2	I'm gone vegetarian for over a year now. I wonder how my blood results will be	I'm gone vegetarian for over a year now. I wonder how my blood results will be	I bet they will be a lot better, I heard vegetarian helps a lot with that.
2	We had a departmental meeting at work recently that made me feel really anxious.  We're trying to figure out who our new department head should be. [SEP] I think you will be fine. Don't feel too anxious worrying won't do anything [SEP] One of the candidates is someone who makes a bunch of us miserable, so we're worried they will get the job.	One of the candidates is someone who makes a bunch of us miserable, so we're worried they will get the job.	prayer works for me. I hope it does for you too so that person you just talked about won't get the job
0	Super excited about some moisturizer I am getting tomorrow. 	Super excited about some moisturizer I am getting tomorrow. 	Oh I love trying new things for me! Everyone deserves spoiling sometimes
5	the braves are reallly good i hope they dont blow it [SEP] Do you live in Atlanta?  I haven't been to the new stadium yet and I really would like to - have you? [SEP] i do, and it is very nice!	i do, and it is very nice!	Well hello neighbor!  I'm going to have to get down there one day - I remember way back when they won the World Series I think in 1991 maybe?  It was so exciting!
5	So yesterday around noon i was jogging like i always do. Well i notice my pants feel weird, come to find out i have a giant rip in them [SEP] Oh my goodness, that must have been embarrassing [SEP] It was because there was a lot of people outside. I know one of them had to see it	It was because there was a lot of people outside. I know one of them had to see it	I'm sure people looked away, it could have been them
5	I keet hearing odd sounds at night... I think there is a racoon in the attic!	I keet hearing odd sounds at night... I think there is a racoon in the attic!	I think it's time to call the animal protection unit
5	My older sister is always comparing our children. [SEP] Oh wow, that's kind of rude. [SEP] Yes it is upsetting, because she alludes to her children being smarter and more well-rounded than mine.	Yes it is upsetting, because she alludes to her children being smarter and more well-rounded than mine.	Have you brought it up to her? Maybe she doesn't realize she's doing it.
6	I dropped a bowl of mashed potatoes and it smashed all over the floor [SEP] oh no! i'm sorry to hear that. I wish i could come over and help you clean up [SEP] Thanks, you're so sweet. It was fine, my boyfriend helped me clean it up.	Thanks, you're so sweet. It was fine, my boyfriend helped me clean it up.	that's good. what are you having for dinner?
0	I have a job interview next week. I've been doing lots of research. [SEP] Job interviews always make me nervous. Research is a great idea! [SEP] I hope it serves me well	I hope it serves me well	It definitely can't hurt. Good luck on the interview!
3	I kept looking at the door expecting my father to walk in any minute.	I kept looking at the door expecting my father to walk in any minute.	I hope you wasn't to disappointed was you to going to spend time together? 
4	I still use all of my mothers cooking pots. She passed away a few years ago. Its a great reminder of her.	I still use all of my mothers cooking pots. She passed away a few years ago. Its a great reminder of her.	That is so wonderful that you have something of hers.  I'm so sorry you lost her.  That is so difficult.  Did she love cooking?
5	My uncle volunteered to fix my car. I was going to take it to the dealership. [SEP] That's kind of him! Is he good at that sort of thing? [SEP] I thought so. Though I wondered, should I risk not going to the dealership. [SEP] Yes you'd have more warranty kind of things with work from a dealership [SEP] I'm glad I let him fix it though. Car works great. [SEP] That's awesome! I wish someone in my family was so handy! [SEP] Yeah. I saved $300.	Yeah. I saved $300.	Wow! Maybe you should take uncle out for dinner! LOL
1	I love camping! I'm going down to the beach this weekend and going to sleep out there for a couple of days!	I love camping! I'm going down to the beach this weekend and going to sleep out there for a couple of days!	That is awesome and sounds like so much fun! What are you most excited for?
6	Oh I wish I could clear my closet out but I just can't part with these things.	Oh I wish I could clear my closet out but I just can't part with these things.	I felt the same way as you, but what's the point of keeping things you don't use and having it take up space? Do you use everything in your closet? 
6	Hanging out with my friend Justin has become very annoying lately [SEP] Oh no why is that? [SEP] All he does is get intoxicated and complain!	All he does is get intoxicated and complain!	I can see how that can be annoying. Have you talked to him about his drinking?
7	Hi, I couldn't get the food to feed my family, so I just stole some of the more expensive things from the store. [SEP] Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that you don't have enough money for food, but stealing isn't the answer! Maybe there's a local food bank you can contact. [SEP] I have 5 different kids and they all want food, what should I do?	I have 5 different kids and they all want food, what should I do?	Call your local support services. Usually it's 211. They can put you in contact with charities, churches and other organizations who can help you! I wish you the best!
4	I lost my job and my wife is a stay at home mom. I don't know how to pay for rent, i'm so stressed	I lost my job and my wife is a stay at home mom. I don't know how to pay for rent, i'm so stressed	oh no. o'm sorry to here that.
7	An old friend wanted to get together. IT was a guy, and he was someone I was involved with. I knew it would bother my husband so I didn't meet with him.  [SEP] That's the best decision. I know mine wouldn't either. If he is a good guy, he will understand. [SEP] I didn't want to make my husband uncomfortable, even if it would have been nice to catch up. But I have to respect him. 	I didn't want to make my husband uncomfortable, even if it would have been nice to catch up. But I have to respect him. 	That's good. No sense in rocking the boat.
5	I miss taking road trips with my friends	I miss taking road trips with my friends	Maybe you could take one soon.
0	My grandmother is in the hospital after being in a car accident. The doctors are taking good care of her so I feel she is in good hands.	My grandmother is in the hospital after being in a car accident. The doctors are taking good care of her so I feel she is in good hands.	Oh, I'm sorry to hear that about your grandmother.  I'm close to my grandmother so I would definitely need for the doctors to provide the best of care.  I'm sure you are looking for a speedy recovery.
2	There's a group project coming up and team members are totally random. I hope I get good people.	There's a group project coming up and team members are totally random. I hope I get good people.	I hope you do, too! I have always hated group work.
1	I'm trying to make my goals by the end of the year. [SEP] what are you goals that you are planning? [SEP] Mostly financial stuff, the hard way, saving money.	Mostly financial stuff, the hard way, saving money.	money is the goal that everyone dreams of
2	My kids go back to school next week and I can't wait! [SEP] lol some free time! what grades? [SEP] Kindergarten and head start so they are pretty young.	Kindergarten and head start so they are pretty young.	thats awesome! i hope they have a great year
8	was happy to see my dog return home! [SEP] Thank god! Was your dog missing? [SEP] yea he got out.. dang dog	yea he got out.. dang dog	haha dogs always want to go out and play.
1	 i was scared when my dog got loose [SEP] That is really scary, did you find them? [SEP] yes he came back later in the day all dazed and confused	yes he came back later in the day all dazed and confused	That is a relief, that is one of my biggest fears
4	My girlfriend has been acting suspicious lately. Guarding her phone, being absent here and there when she didn't used to be. Having weird excuses for her weird behavior. She tells me nothing is going on, and I try to believe her. I don't know how much longer that will last.	My girlfriend has been acting suspicious lately. Guarding her phone, being absent here and there when she didn't used to be. Having weird excuses for her weird behavior. She tells me nothing is going on, and I try to believe her. I don't know how much longer that will last.	I'm sorry. It can be hard to be in a situation where you think the other person is cheating. Is there any other reason she might be acting suspicious? Have you talked to her about it?
8	I had to cancel lunch this morning with a relative. I still feel bad about it	I had to cancel lunch this morning with a relative. I still feel bad about it	Aw, I hate it when that happens, but I bet the relative understands.  Sometimes things come up.
7	I have my ob interview tomorrow.	I have my ob interview tomorrow.	Oh, good luck! Are you nervous for the job interview?
6	Every time my best friend comes back in town, we go eat at the old restaurant that we used to work at when we met.	Every time my best friend comes back in town, we go eat at the old restaurant that we used to work at when we met.	I bet that brings back a lot of great memories! Is the food good?
2	I had some tests done at the doctors yesterday, hopefully i hear good news	I had some tests done at the doctors yesterday, hopefully i hear good news	i hope all goes well. was something the matter that made you decide to have the tests done?
6	I really like the movie, A Bugs Life. [SEP] I saw that movie a long time ago. [SEP] Yes. I laughed the whole time.	Yes. I laughed the whole time.	What was your favorite part
6	I dropped a mug and my coffee went everywhere	I dropped a mug and my coffee went everywhere	Yikes! That made a mess I bet. Did you get burned?
6	I ruined dinner tonight I feel bad.	I ruined dinner tonight I feel bad.	What happened? 
1	Working in another country for a year. Going to save up to marry my girlfriend [SEP] I have always wanted to work abroad. What work are you doing there? [SEP] marketing actually.	marketing actually.	Cool. And congrats on your future engagement!
8	I had to do a presentation for school. I researched the subject and was certain that I had all my facts in order [SEP] What happened? Did you? [SEP] I wasn't nervous because I was so sure of myself.	I wasn't nervous because I was so sure of myself.	That's perfect then, i'm sure you did a great job@
4	A blossom friend we lost contact for 10years now [SEP] Why did you lose contact? What happened? [SEP] 10 friends cannot be together in 10 years ,like they say	10 friends cannot be together in 10 years ,like they say	That's very sad, I'm sorry to hear that
7	I buy a lottery ticket every day but for some reason I have not won more than $10. My luck will soon change! [SEP] Well You can be hopeful. But i think you should  stop gambling [SEP] No, I am pretty sure I will be one of the lucky ones who hits the jackpot. It's not gambling if it is a sure thing!	No, I am pretty sure I will be one of the lucky ones who hits the jackpot. It's not gambling if it is a sure thing!	If it is sure then you do not need luck
1	My oldest walked to a neighbors house. It was his first time doing it alone. [SEP] Kids grow up so quickly! Did you feel nervous about it? [SEP] I did, but I also knew he was ready. Plus, he didn't have to cross any streets.	I did, but I also knew he was ready. Plus, he didn't have to cross any streets.	I bet he felt very proud! Sounds like you are a great parent. A good combination of trust and reassurance.
2	My son is amazing! He's been in the National Guard for 9 years and is a Sargent now.  [SEP] Wow!! That is amazing! Good for him. You must be really proud and you have every right to be! :)  [SEP] Yes, I am. He is an awesome son. 	Yes, I am. He is an awesome son. 	I bet he is! :) 
7	I am totally going to win first place tomorrow in the biology contest! I studied for months for this! 	I am totally going to win first place tomorrow in the biology contest! I studied for months for this! 	That's great! good luck
7	Don't you just love buying brand new sheets? [SEP] I do love new sheets. The higher the thread count the bette, [SEP] Yeah me too. yesterday I made the bed with new sheets and comforter. Last night I was pretty tired and decided to try out the new bed and watch my shows. Omg, those sheets were so comfortable I fell asleep in the middle of my show [SEP] What thread count did you go with? [SEP] 1800	1800	dang. Good job.
1	My roommate had sex on my bed.  [SEP] were you in bed with your roommate ? [SEP] No! It was with some rando he picked up on Tinder	No! It was with some rando he picked up on Tinder	oh yuk. next time threesome! goodluck
8	I got a free gift card from work! [SEP]  I bet that was a nice surprise. Why did you get it? [SEP] It was random, so i am not sure.	It was random, so i am not sure.	You are lucky then. Always good to receive things you arent expecting. 
6	Once, I bought this really pretty dress to go on a date. Then the worst thing happened! [SEP] Oh no.  Did he stand you up? [SEP] No. My mom and I were hanging out sipping on red wine and I decided to try the dress on for her. That's when I tripped and spilled the wine on the front of my dress. [SEP] That stinks! Were you able to get the stain out? [SEP] Nope, the dress was trashed. I had to wear something else. Wasn't as nice as that dress.	Nope, the dress was trashed. I had to wear something else. Wasn't as nice as that dress.	Was the date at least good?
0	A few months before having my first kiddo, we decided to buy a car. It did very well during the initial inspection, but within a month, it needed several thousand dollars in repairs! [SEP] Wow! Do you think whoever inspected it missed something or 3? [SEP] Absolutely. The problems should have been easily located by a mechanic. It was so hard and I was livid. We sold the car because we were so frustrated with it. [SEP] I bet. I wouldn't want to get stuck with a money pit either. I hope your state has a lemon law. [SEP] It does, but we got such a good deal on the car that we made a couple of the repairs and were able to recuperate our cost.	It does, but we got such a good deal on the car that we made a couple of the repairs and were able to recuperate our cost.	Excellent. Well there is some silver lining in all of this haha.
3	I'm waiting on some test results from the dr and it's taking forever!	I'm waiting on some test results from the dr and it's taking forever!	That can be tough. I hope everything is okay.
8	I asked my dad to play basketball with me yesterday. I forgot that he used to play at a very high level and beat me badly! [SEP] Wow, I sure beat he beat your butt, I bet you thought you had it in the bag, rigtht? [SEP] I definitely thought I was going to win, but he sure proved me wrong!	I definitely thought I was going to win, but he sure proved me wrong!	Hahaha that just goes to show ya, age is just a umber!'
5	I got a new offer in another company, but i do not want to move [SEP] No. Why not? [SEP] my current employer is so comfortable and i have my peace of mind here. i have work life balance	my current employer is so comfortable and i have my peace of mind here. i have work life balance	That's important. Maybe you're right to stick with it there.
0	Television is so different these days. [SEP] I agree and it's full of commercials no one wants to see. [SEP] True, but I'm talking about the ability to binge-watch an entire series in the course of a week. Do you know I've only started watching Game of Thrones two years ago?	True, but I'm talking about the ability to binge-watch an entire series in the course of a week. Do you know I've only started watching Game of Thrones two years ago?	Oh yes, I know what you are saying. I've never been into GOT but I've heard it's good. 
3	My daughter got out of the hospital and was still very sick. I had her come home so I could care for her. whe was moved out at the time.	My daughter got out of the hospital and was still very sick. I had her come home so I could care for her. whe was moved out at the time.	I hope she feels better. I think its great she still has you to help out.
7	I feel good about the chances of making this hockey team. [SEP] Have you been working hard in the off season? [SEP] I have been, did tons of squats earlier.	I have been, did tons of squats earlier.	You sound very confident. Sounds like you put in the work. Good luck.
3	I'm waiting to hear back from the nursing program I applied to for my degree [SEP] That's exciting and nerve wracking at the same time I bet. How do you feel about it? [SEP] I think I will get in since my board exam score is good, and my GPA is high. I don't want to be too confident though! I heard the program is competitive.	I think I will get in since my board exam score is good, and my GPA is high. I don't want to be too confident though! I heard the program is competitive.	For sure. Well good luck! Nurses are very under-appreciated. I hope you get.
8	I am very satisfied with the way things are at work [SEP] I love to hear that, positive stuff! Im glad for you.  [SEP] Thanks buddy, being content is just a way of showing gratitude to the universe about all the good stuff I have being blessed with	Thanks buddy, being content is just a way of showing gratitude to the universe about all the good stuff I have being blessed with	I love when good things happen especially since they usually dont happen often. 
7	I finslly applied to college this year after 10 years of procrastination	I finslly applied to college this year after 10 years of procrastination	At least you took the steps to do it congratulations.
8	Our oldest daughter rides horses and does horse shows quite frequently. [SEP] I love horses! Has she been riding a long time? [SEP] About 4 years.  At the last show, she fell off the horse! But she was able to get right back on and continue the course.	About 4 years.  At the last show, she fell off the horse! But she was able to get right back on and continue the course.	Oh no! I'm glad she was okay!
3	I woke up this morning only to find out that some wild animal had destroyed my garden! [SEP] oh no, did you catch them? [SEP] Unfortunately, no.  I am sad in some ways but happy the wild creature had a full meal last night.	Unfortunately, no.  I am sad in some ways but happy the wild creature had a full meal last night.	that stinks
8	We let our tabby/calico mix cat, Callie, go outside during the day because she enjoyed being outdoors and also to get away from our other cat who persisted on bullying and tormenting her. One afternoon when she was out I happened to walk outside just in time to see a stray pit bull chase and grab her and shake her around like a rag doll until she died. [SEP] Oh my god. That is horrifying. [SEP] Yes, it was so heartbreaking. I had to call my husband who came home from work so we could bury her in the back yard. He was heartbroken, too, because he and Callie had a special bond. [SEP] I rescue animals, it's best not to let cats wander outside. So many bad things could happen. [SEP] We definitely learned our lesson, but the silver lining is that she didn't appear to suffer. Looked like the dog broke her neck and she probably died instantly. And at least she was doing what made her happy right up until the last. That's great you rescue animals. Do you foster them and find homes for them? [SEP] yes! That can happen around any bigger dog. We had a foster dog do it. It is horrible! So sorry for your loss. I have lost many this past year. Accidents happen.  [SEP] It's always sad but there is little you can do other than keep them indoors where they are miserable. I'm sure I'm not the only one to suffer this kind of loss.	It's always sad but there is little you can do other than keep them indoors where they are miserable. I'm sure I'm not the only one to suffer this kind of loss.	You are not! I let my cats outside but supervised. Yes it's hard if they love it. You can get a special cat fence :) 
3	We had some limbs fall recently from storms and I've had to work hard to clean it all up.	We had some limbs fall recently from storms and I've had to work hard to clean it all up.	I hope it didn't damage your house or anything on your property!
5	I was checking mail everyday to see if I had won the contest [SEP] Any luck yet on that? [SEP] Nothing yet, the suspense is killing me!	Nothing yet, the suspense is killing me!	Well, I wish you luck. Maybe you need a distraction.
5	We had a departmental meeting at work recently that made me feel really anxious.  We're trying to figure out who our new department head should be.	We had a departmental meeting at work recently that made me feel really anxious.  We're trying to figure out who our new department head should be.	I think you will be fine. Don't feel too anxious worrying won't do anything
4	so i did not get the promotion at work. they selected Steve to get it	so i did not get the promotion at work. they selected Steve to get it	I'm so sorry to hear that. You must be disappointed.
2	My in-laws just suddenly showed up yesterday and said they were staying for the week. I had no warning at all but I guess they were trying to make it fun, ha ha. [SEP] Oh no! I would have a heart attack! Are you able to take time away from life so unexpectedly to spend time with them? [SEP] Not really, but my husband is going to try to get some time off if he can.  Its hard in the summer since so many other people at his work have planned vacations. I did have a heart attck and ran around like a crazy person cleaning upstairs before they came up.	Not really, but my husband is going to try to get some time off if he can.  Its hard in the summer since so many other people at his work have planned vacations. I did have a heart attck and ran around like a crazy person cleaning upstairs before they came up.	hahaha I would have been like a mad woman trying to clean too! I hope it works out and your husband can take time off!
8	I haven't made a home cooked meal in a long time. [SEP] Oh, that's a shame - cooking's such fun. Why did you stop cooking? [SEP] I know. Just been busy. I ordered take out like every day last week. [SEP] Gosh, I couldn't afford to do that! It's far cheaper for me to cook up a big pot of stew or something and freeze it for busy days. [SEP] I should do that. Im losing money like crazy [SEP] That stuff's hard to come by! It's so easy to chuck stuff in a pot and then go watch tv or do something else for a couple of hours. Tastes better, too! [SEP] I am going to look up some recipes then. I never use my slow cooker.	I am going to look up some recipes then. I never use my slow cooker.	I wish I had a slow cooker. Or one of those Instant Pots everyone's raving about.
2	I'm really happy with how things are going at work right now.  I just got a raise, and a promotion.	I'm really happy with how things are going at work right now.  I just got a raise, and a promotion.	That's great! I hope things continue to go well for ya.
2	I kept looking at the door expecting my father to walk in any minute. [SEP] I hope you wasn't to disappointed was you to going to spend time together?  [SEP] Yes, we was supposed to come see me, and he never showed.	Yes, we was supposed to come see me, and he never showed.	A simple call would have been nice hopefully he has a good explanation for this. 
8	In a week Fall semester will start and I have registered for my classes. I am fully prepared to tackle this semester with great achievements [SEP] I wish you the best of luck, study hard and you'll do well! [SEP] I hope too. I have a couple of hard classes like Calculus II. Hope it would not crash me	I hope too. I have a couple of hard classes like Calculus II. Hope it would not crash me	I remember Calc II, it can be difficult, but if you practice it's not so bad.
5	My dad got my brother a watch but not me! [SEP] Oh man! you must be sad. have you been bad lately? [SEP] Yea I am sad and jealous of my brother. I didnt even do anything bad! 	Yea I am sad and jealous of my brother. I didnt even do anything bad! 	I can see how your frustrated. Maybe you can talk to your dad about it. 
5	i really wanted to get pregnant but month after month it didn't happen	i really wanted to get pregnant but month after month it didn't happen	Hmm maybe it's not your time yet...I'm sure you'll get there
1	I was hiking the other day and I ran across a dead deer with maggots eating on it. It smelled so bad!	I was hiking the other day and I ran across a dead deer with maggots eating on it. It smelled so bad!	I bet that was disgusting! I would bring a noseplug from now on.
3	my wife and my baby are going overseas for a month and i will be so lonely without them. i couldn;t go with them [SEP] That could be so hard on you [SEP] yes, i just need to find something that will keep my mind off of it	yes, i just need to find something that will keep my mind off of it	Just keep your mind occupied with other important stuff
6	I was shocked this morning when I woke up this morning. I really overslept in a bad way	I was shocked this morning when I woke up this morning. I really overslept in a bad way	Oh no! I hate when that happens! Did you turn off your alarm in your sleep?
3	I was envious when a coworker got a promotion over me. I really wanted it [SEP] That sucks. Maybe there's a next time? [SEP] I hope so	I hope so	I hope you'll get another opportunity or even a better one.
4	I am very sad these days	I am very sad these days	I am so sorry to hear that. Is it related to your work?
6	I lost 100 lbs recently!  [SEP] wow!! that was really good congrats!! your hard work paid off [SEP] Thank you! I'm just now starting to be able to wear more form fitting clothes. I was afraid to for so long.	Thank you! I'm just now starting to be able to wear more form fitting clothes. I was afraid to for so long.	am pleased for you
7	I almost died last year. [SEP] That is a terrible thing to happen, I'm sure... [SEP] Yes I was very lucky.	Yes I was very lucky.	I'm happy that you are still here as well! Think of the alternative :(
3	cant wait for the nfl season to start back up soon [SEP] Same here. Sundays are so much better with NFL. [SEP] and it feels like the holidays are approaching as well	and it feels like the holidays are approaching as well	And this heat can go away too.
5	Are you in the US? We have a thing in the UK called Prime Minister's Question Time which is like a debate shown on TV of our parliament. It makes me very angry. [SEP] I am in the US. Why does it make you so angry? I've never heard about. [SEP] The politicians just spend the whole time shouting at each other and laughing at their own jokes. It's pathetic. You should youtube it.	The politicians just spend the whole time shouting at each other and laughing at their own jokes. It's pathetic. You should youtube it.	I think I will, I'm very curious now. You think they would want to use their time more wisely.
0	My exhusband left me for his best friend's wife on my birthday. [SEP] That is awful!  You deserve so much better [SEP] Thank you for your kind words. It was really hard to deal with at the time.	Thank you for your kind words. It was really hard to deal with at the time.	I know.  I am so sorry that you had to go through that. 
8	apple is an evil company, they just become a trillion dollar company today. i feel they betray their customer base by releasing the same phone every year [SEP] I feel the same! I hate apple products. I refuse to use them [SEP] and everything the release they claim tis groundbreaking wile other phones had the same features for eyars	and everything the release they claim tis groundbreaking wile other phones had the same features for eyars	I didn't know that. Another reason to not like them
2	We got to go to Walt Disney World this February.  We didn't think we'd be able to go. [SEP] That's great! I went a few months ago and really enjoyed it [SEP] I love going there!  We didn't find out till December that we could go.  Suddenly I had a lot of planning to do!	I love going there!  We didn't find out till December that we could go.  Suddenly I had a lot of planning to do!	I hope you have lots of fun!
7	One the way to work, I got a flat tire and I missed a very important presentation.  I was pretty upset. [SEP] Oh, man!  That is a nightmare!  Was your boss upset with you? [SEP] No, he understood, but I missed a really good presentation.  I was not happy.	No, he understood, but I missed a really good presentation.  I was not happy.	Yeah, it happens to the best of us.  You just have to try and forget about it and move forward.
7	I was so proud of my oldest son. He finished 6th grade on the A honor roll.	I was so proud of my oldest son. He finished 6th grade on the A honor roll.	Congratulations! That's getting to the point where you look at their homework and realize you forgot how difficult it was, ha.
4	My brother got hit with a DUI the other night. His wife said that was the last straw, as she was tired of his drinking. She kicked him out and now he's living with me. I feel so terrible for everyone involved, especially because they have two kids	My brother got hit with a DUI the other night. His wife said that was the last straw, as she was tired of his drinking. She kicked him out and now he's living with me. I feel so terrible for everyone involved, especially because they have two kids	sorry to hear that, my brother has a drinking problem too, and has kids, i love him but at this point we are more focused on the kids , i tell him if you get locked up who is gonna raise the girls , of course we are but still they need a father 
4	I managed to perfectly dispose of some bodies this week. [SEP] Perhaps some pigs helped you out with that? [SEP] Exactly. I was so proud of myself when I came up with the idea.	Exactly. I was so proud of myself when I came up with the idea.	You are so brilliant.
3	My 11 year old cat died this morning... [SEP] Oh no!  I am so sorry to hear that.  Did he die of old age? [SEP] Yes I think so, he was all grey and stuff. Had arthritis too.	Yes I think so, he was all grey and stuff. Had arthritis too.	Well, hopefully he lived a good and happy life.  
1	My brother wont stop making fun of my pimple since morning. Ugh!	My brother wont stop making fun of my pimple since morning. Ugh!	That must be so frustrating
6	My Year end appraisal is coming up. Am looking forward for a good hike	My Year end appraisal is coming up. Am looking forward for a good hike	What does that mean? A raise at work?
7	I've decided to ask the girl of my dreams to marry me.  I'm sure she will say yes.	I've decided to ask the girl of my dreams to marry me.  I'm sure she will say yes.	That's great! Congratulations! That's exciting, and I'm sure if you're confident she will, then she will!
8	I miss being a kid and all the stupidity that came with it, I wish I was young again	I miss being a kid and all the stupidity that came with it, I wish I was young again	I was just saying the same thing.
1	I recently had a giant exam that counted for half of my semester grade. I was really nervous over it.  [SEP] I bet! Please tell me you passed it! [SEP] I did! I studied for weeks and re-watched lectures. I felt really good when I walked into the classroom to take it. 	I did! I studied for weeks and re-watched lectures. I felt really good when I walked into the classroom to take it. 	wow, you must be so proud of yourself! Good job!
6	My parents decided to send me to a new school out of the area	My parents decided to send me to a new school out of the area	a better school?
8	I pray every night North Korea doesn't bomb us.	I pray every night North Korea doesn't bomb us.	I think they are just empty threats but you never know.
4	Two weeks ago, I found my home totally flooded. I felt totally destroyed.	Two weeks ago, I found my home totally flooded. I felt totally destroyed.	Oh no I am so sorry. Did you have flood insurance at least?
6	A guy crashed into my parked car yesterday and destroyed it	A guy crashed into my parked car yesterday and destroyed it	Oh no! did you file a police report?
2	I bought a lottery ticket and have a feeling I will win.	I bought a lottery ticket and have a feeling I will win.	Good luck! I hope you'll win!
8	I went to my daughter's awards ceremony at school recently. [SEP] How was that experience for you [SEP] It was really wonderful seeing her go up for so many awards. 	It was really wonderful seeing her go up for so many awards. 	You must have been proud.  But she wouldn't be there if you didn't persistently push her to do her best
3	I purchased my first new vehicle yesterday. [SEP] That must be very exciting! I hope to get a new vehicle soon as well. [SEP] Its not the cheapest but, i've always baught used and wanted something new for once when it comes to vehicles.	Its not the cheapest but, i've always baught used and wanted something new for once when it comes to vehicles.	Yeah, sometimes it's good to get brand new if you can afford it! Buying old runs the risk of it breaking more.
5	My computer keeps overheating when I play intense games, it won't stop bugging me. Ugh [SEP] That sucks. I hate when my games are interrupted for any reason. [SEP] Me too, it sucks when the screen starts to tear.	Me too, it sucks when the screen starts to tear.	Oh no. You should invest in something new.
6	I was really broken up when we had to put our family dog to sleep	I was really broken up when we had to put our family dog to sleep	Oh no. Thats sad. What was wrong?
4	I get sentimental around Christmas. Christmases with my parents were the best but now they're gone.	I get sentimental around Christmas. Christmases with my parents were the best but now they're gone.	Oh I'm so sorry to hear that, how long have they been gone.
5	Our home was broken into and it was such a terrible experience. [SEP] That's awful, I hope no one in your family was hurt. [SEP] Thankfully no one was home.	Thankfully no one was home.	Luckily. In bad situations like that, it is always best to remind ourselves that things could have been a lot worse for ourselves.
0	I have to go to a team meeting in the morning. I am unsure what to expect [SEP] Oh, Do you think you did something wrong?  [SEP] No, it just came out of the blue, I never know what to expect really	No, it just came out of the blue, I never know what to expect really	That's terrible I wouldn't like for that to happen to me.
3	My friend was supposed to meet me at my apartment so we could eat at Starbucks.  But she ended up wanting a full body back rub.  It was a nice change of plans. [SEP] Oh, that's...interesting. That does sound like a nice change of plans, not only because Starbucks not seem that fun anyway. Hopefully she returned the favor? [SEP] Still waiting on that one hahaha	Still waiting on that one hahaha	Well, hopefully she doesn't keep you waiting for very long, if everything else is right! But maybe be more patient than even you think you need to be in order to play it safe, so she doesn't get scared off, so to speak. Sounds like it will be worth it in the end.
4	My brother wont stop making fun of my pimple since morning. Ugh! [SEP] That must be so frustrating [SEP] I agree, and annoying because he wont be quiet and keeps making fun of me. 	I agree, and annoying because he wont be quiet and keeps making fun of me. 	I'm sorry to hear that. I hope he stops soon.
4	it seems like every other family in my daughter's class lives in a mansion. [SEP] It must be nice to be rich [SEP] Yeah, that's what I think every time I see them - it's hard to be myself around them.	Yeah, that's what I think every time I see them - it's hard to be myself around them.	I am sorry, just be yourself
3	MY ex sent me a gift for my birthday [SEP] What did she send you as a gift? [SEP] he sent a really nice necklace. I hope he doesnt want to get back together	he sent a really nice necklace. I hope he doesnt want to get back together	I hope not too, you'd be better off keeping it.
5	No one showed up for my birthday party. I was so alone and sad. [SEP] That would be depressing, did you plan it yourself or did someone plan it for you? [SEP] Well, both sort of. I expected at least one person, ya know? Not a single soul to be found.	Well, both sort of. I expected at least one person, ya know? Not a single soul to be found.	Maybe if you post to social media, a bunch of random strangers will show up.
4	So the new paper boy tried to toss the paper over the fence and ended up breaking my window.	So the new paper boy tried to toss the paper over the fence and ended up breaking my window.	Haha i am sorry to laugh. Is it an expensive window to fix.
3	Going to see my long distance girlfriend this weekend, and we're going to have a movie marathon. I only get to see her every so often because of the distance. I'm excited [SEP] oh welcome to the long distance club! i am exactly in the same situation as you, we are going on a cable car, we are going to meet in 2 weeks and i also can't wait, i feel you, LET'S HAVE  A BLAST [SEP] Haha, yeah it's rough sometimes. We live like a thousand miles almost exactly apart. So, we only get to see each other a few times a year. But when we do, it's great. really adds to the excitement of everything	Haha, yeah it's rough sometimes. We live like a thousand miles almost exactly apart. So, we only get to see each other a few times a year. But when we do, it's great. really adds to the excitement of everything	Yup i totally get you, it's same here and now it feels time is going super slow, these next 2 weeks are going to be hell before i go to see her, make sure you enjoy yourself!
3	I have just eaten a whole packet of cookies [SEP] wow, they must be really tasty for you to have done that [SEP] No - I'm just lacking any kind of wilpower to stop!	No - I'm just lacking any kind of wilpower to stop!	You will be fine buddy. Type therapy for stoping cookie addiction on youtube, I am sure you will find something helpful there
2	I am currently waiting for my grades to be released. I took a final on Monday. Ive been pacing around like crazy waiting to hear what I made. [SEP] Good luck! Hope you do well [SEP] Thanks. I really need the time to hurry up and pass.	Thanks. I really need the time to hurry up and pass.	I'm sure you'll get a good grade if you prepared well
1	When the Eagles finally won the superbowl, I was so so happy, I cried even [SEP] Oh lord! I am glad you have something that is a healthy hobby [SEP] Me too, it is a big part of my time, watching games and tape	Me too, it is a big part of my time, watching games and tape	That's cool! It's always good to have a hobby
0	My exhusband left me for his best friend's wife on my birthday. [SEP] That is awful!  You deserve so much better [SEP] Thank you for your kind words. It was really hard to deal with at the time.	Thank you for your kind words. It was really hard to deal with at the time.	I know.  I am so sorry that you had to go through that. 
8	This weekend was very stressful at work, but I have been able to relax during the weekend and read good books. [SEP] That is good, reading always relaxes me too. [SEP] Yes I have always love reading.  Nothing like reading a good book and a glass of red wine to be happy again after a hard week.	Yes I have always love reading.  Nothing like reading a good book and a glass of red wine to be happy again after a hard week.	Yes, curling up in bed with those things can relax you like nothing else!
8	Looking forward to trying some new herbal/food supplements on Saturday [SEP] which restarant [SEP] Restaurant? I am trying new supplements. Chlorella and Wheat grass. Should help me heal a lot of my health issues	Restaurant? I am trying new supplements. Chlorella and Wheat grass. Should help me heal a lot of my health issues	oh i thought you were eating out
3	Yesterday I was preparing to paint my bedroom furniture and I unearthed so many dust bunnies from under my bed!	Yesterday I was preparing to paint my bedroom furniture and I unearthed so many dust bunnies from under my bed!	It's never too late for some late summer cleaning!
8	I can't believe my younger brother makes more money than i do. [SEP] Well, at least you dont have to worry about him begin ok in life. He can take care of himself, now. You can give him tips on making better choices with his money [SEP] Yes you are very right. I just wanted to be his role model and he surpassed what i can do. [SEP] I understand.My little brother did too.. I have the family and he has the career. We are 10 years apart, but he make a ton more money than, I do. Maybe you can get your brother to invest in homes, and you all start a business. [SEP] Thats a smart idea! Thank you! I should try to combine forces...haha [SEP] Right, you should! Remember they arent making any more land! [SEP] Im taking your advice and putting it into practice tomorrow!	Im taking your advice and putting it into practice tomorrow!	Wholesaling would be an great options. You could go on Youtube and find tons of videos about flipping homes with no money.. but if your brother has a little change.. Well.. Go Brother! lol
2	I interviewed for a jew job on friday. I think it went well. [SEP] I am happy that you think your interview was successful.  I know they can be nervewracking sometimes. [SEP] Yeah sometimes.  I think this one went well.	Yeah sometimes.  I think this one went well.	I am glad to hear it.  I hope you get the new job!
6	My daghter is such a cool kid.	My daghter is such a cool kid.	Did she recently do something to make you think that, or has she always been that way?
0	Last month, I saw a pedestrian in front of me been hit by car. Since then, I am very afraid to cross the street.	Last month, I saw a pedestrian in front of me been hit by car. Since then, I am very afraid to cross the street.	Oh yikes! That is a scary thing to witness. It is good to be safe these days with so many people using phones while driving and even walking. It is dangerous out there and you never know what can happen to you at any moment.
1	I let one of my friends borrow money and now I wish I hadn't. [SEP] Why? What happened? [SEP] It has almost a year and they haven't paid me back yet.	It has almost a year and they haven't paid me back yet.	That sounds like a really bad friend.
7	I lost my job for 2 years now.I was invited for an interview by a multinational org. [SEP] Those two years must have been tough.  But this sounds like an exciting opportunity for you! [SEP] Well,i scaled through 3 stages of interview, awaiting the last stage also	Well,i scaled through 3 stages of interview, awaiting the last stage also	Good luck in the final stage.  I hope you get the job.
0	I am concerned that the prices for everyday products will rise with President Trump threatening tariffs against China [SEP] I feel the same way! Prices have already risen on a lot including for people selling things in certain states. [SEP] I am not even sure if he has any concrete plans to tackle this issue. If not, then Congress must act to stop it from happening	I am not even sure if he has any concrete plans to tackle this issue. If not, then Congress must act to stop it from happening	I hope they do. I don't know how he hasn't been impeached yet.
0	Have you ever worked so hard, years for one moment that define the rest of your life?	Have you ever worked so hard, years for one moment that define the rest of your life?	I sort of have. I worked like crazy to get a work visa for the US, so I could be with the person I wanted to spend my life with. It paid off, so I can kind of understand what you're saying.
3	MY internet used to be awesome now it cuts out several times a day.	MY internet used to be awesome now it cuts out several times a day.	Well at least you can find an excuse to step outside the house and mix it up!
6	I really wanted to take a weekend trip with my husband and my mom offered to watch my daughter. So grateful!	I really wanted to take a weekend trip with my husband and my mom offered to watch my daughter. So grateful!	Mom of the year award! That's awesome, where are you going?
8	School starts tomorrow for my oldest. I really hope he does well and enjoys it and that he doesn't get scared or miss me too bad or misbehave. [SEP] Schools are fun. I wish i could turn time back and go back to those good old days [SEP] I remember thinking how bad I had it because I had to go to school every day. Now I wish that was the worst thing I had going on! Lol.	I remember thinking how bad I had it because I had to go to school every day. Now I wish that was the worst thing I had going on! Lol.	Becoming adult is much worse to happen. School concerns as it appears now after realizing, were much more hassle free
8	I went outside my house yesterday and there was a big snake sitting in the driveway! [SEP] Oh wow, that must have been scary!  I'm terrified of snakes! [SEP] Yeah, same here. I never expected to see something like that up close.	Yeah, same here. I never expected to see something like that up close.	The only time I've seen one up close is when a professional was handling one.  I prefer to keep a distance.
3	I have faith the Eagles will be good this year, I hope it goes well!	I have faith the Eagles will be good this year, I hope it goes well!	Well I hope they play well for you :)
1	My son lied to me and it really hurt as a parent we just always want the truth.  [SEP] Oh I'm really sorry to hear that. Was it a big lie? [SEP] Yeah it was and I dont appreciate it at all. I just cant believe he would lie about something to me. 	Yeah it was and I dont appreciate it at all. I just cant believe he would lie about something to me. 	That's a pretty serious issue. You should punish him somehow.
3	A lot of people have doubts, but I'm really hopeful for America's future!	A lot of people have doubts, but I'm really hopeful for America's future!	i am too, i think we are headed in a better direction!
1	My grandma was just transferred to hospice care. [SEP] That is bad news, hope you go visit her. [SEP] Her and I have always been so close. I am devastated. 	Her and I have always been so close. I am devastated. 	Make sure you visit her every day.
8	When I was a child and it was time for back to school, I felt cared for when my parents took my to the store to buy clothes for school 	When I was a child and it was time for back to school, I felt cared for when my parents took my to the store to buy clothes for school 	Yes we should be grateful to our parents for how they took care of us
1	I told my best friend one of my deepest darkest secrets [SEP] I sure hope they are trustworthy. [SEP] They are! I trust them completely	They are! I trust them completely	It is so good to have someone that is trustworthy no matter what you tell them.  I'm glad you have a friend like that.
4	What a scary night that was. [SEP] What happened? Hope you are okay? [SEP] My house burned night earlier, had to get my mom out.	My house burned night earlier, had to get my mom out.	Omg that is so scary, I am so sorry to hear that. 
1	I thought a free trial date was Aug 10th, not the 8th so I was charged last night!	I thought a free trial date was Aug 10th, not the 8th so I was charged last night!	Oh, that sucks. It has happened to me before too.
3	I worked really hard at studying for the SAT. I just got my scores back and I scored really high. It made my parents happy. [SEP] Wonderful! Congratulations! What are you going in too college for? [SEP] Im going to study Finance. It just goes to show that if you put your mind to it you can achieve anything.	Im going to study Finance. It just goes to show that if you put your mind to it you can achieve anything.	You sure can! Hard work is required to get something of value.
4	I am curios to undersand the the i dont know	I am curios to undersand the the i dont know	I'm sorry, I don't understand?
2	My husband and I signed our kids up for a co-op this year. I really hope they enjoy it. [SEP] what is co-op? [SEP] This co-op is for homeschoolers. Its one day a week where the kids go and learn with other homeschool kids. 	This co-op is for homeschoolers. Its one day a week where the kids go and learn with other homeschool kids. 	Oh that is really neat! i hope they like it
8	I got lucky and passed my course this semester [SEP] Awesome! What are you studying? [SEP] Computer Science. There was a 3 point curve on the final that really helped me out this time.	Computer Science. There was a 3 point curve on the final that really helped me out this time.	Curves are always a good thing! I was always thankful for them.
0	The world would be a cleaner place if not for children. [SEP] Why do you say that? [SEP] Because inevitably, three seconds after you get done cleaning the house, they strike.	Because inevitably, three seconds after you get done cleaning the house, they strike.	Okay now I understand... COMPLETELY! I deal with that daily! I am ready to give up on ever cleaning again.
7	I'm looking forward to my big break.  Don't know when it is but I know it'll be in this life because I've been at ground zero and am willing to go through more hell just to reach the decadent, prestigious pinnacle of material success in this lifetime and nothing can stop me	I'm looking forward to my big break.  Don't know when it is but I know it'll be in this life because I've been at ground zero and am willing to go through more hell just to reach the decadent, prestigious pinnacle of material success in this lifetime and nothing can stop me	Sounds like a goal to me. Good luck!
4	I am so sad lately.  My husband needs a lung transplant and he is only 40 years old.	I am so sad lately.  My husband needs a lung transplant and he is only 40 years old.	Oh wow. I'm so sorry to hear that. Was this an all the sudden thing or has he been in poor health?
3	I recently saw a baby vomit on his mother. [SEP] That is pretty gross but it happens often. [SEP] I was so grossed out by the sight of it.	I was so grossed out by the sight of it.	If you plan on having a kid it will happen.
5	My uncle volunteered to fix my car. I was going to take it to the dealership. [SEP] That's kind of him! Is he good at that sort of thing? [SEP] I thought so. Though I wondered, should I risk not going to the dealership. [SEP] Yes you'd have more warranty kind of things with work from a dealership [SEP] I'm glad I let him fix it though. Car works great. [SEP] That's awesome! I wish someone in my family was so handy! [SEP] Yeah. I saved $300.	Yeah. I saved $300.	Wow! Maybe you should take uncle out for dinner! LOL
6	i was shocked when i got the day off	i was shocked when i got the day off	That's awesome!  Did you request it and just weren't expecting it or did you just get a random day off?
8	My daughter went on a missing trip to KY and worked with a lot of small kids.  She came home with lice.	My daughter went on a missing trip to KY and worked with a lot of small kids.  She came home with lice.	She sounds like an amazing person, but the lice is no bueno.
6	"I knew i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog!	"I knew i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog!	What did he do?
8	I let my coworker in on a secret project and he helped me with it!	I let my coworker in on a secret project and he helped me with it!	I like secrets. Did it turn out the way that you hoped it would.
0	I'm back in my old college town for the first time since graduating. It's weird how many memories flood back from just physically being in a space. I'm seeing all the places I used to eat, my old apartment, my campus, and my friends here and there... makes me wish I could go back	I'm back in my old college town for the first time since graduating. It's weird how many memories flood back from just physically being in a space. I'm seeing all the places I used to eat, my old apartment, my campus, and my friends here and there... makes me wish I could go back	Yeah, it's weird going back to college.
5	I was in a work meeting the other day and one of my coworkers was was able to recite from memory a whole lot of legal policy and verbiage. I was floored by how much he had retained from studying! 	I was in a work meeting the other day and one of my coworkers was was able to recite from memory a whole lot of legal policy and verbiage. I was floored by how much he had retained from studying! 	Oh wow yeah that is quite impressive! He should become a lawyer if he isn't one already!
5	Last month I found out my son decided to drop out of college without telling me. [SEP] Oh no that sounds terrible. Hopefully it's not as bad as some of those stories I have read about where they go so far that they fake having the degree. [SEP] Its worse. He decided to use my tuition money to pay for his drug addiction. I am so disappointed in him.	Its worse. He decided to use my tuition money to pay for his drug addiction. I am so disappointed in him.	Oh my gosh that sounds so awful. I'm sorry. Maybe you can try getting him into rehab, I hear it's hard for someone to stop once they start.
0	Least year I took my final performance exam for my pilot's license.  I thought it was going to be easy.  I was wrong. [SEP] Oh man I bet that is a very difficult test. I can't believe how many instruments are in a cockpit! [SEP] I didn't even make it to the airplane.  The examiner wasn't happy with a few of my answers in the oral exam.  I could have sworn I had studied enough!	I didn't even make it to the airplane.  The examiner wasn't happy with a few of my answers in the oral exam.  I could have sworn I had studied enough!	What a bummer. At least now you know what you need to study for when you take the exam again!
8	I have been exercising and dieting for the last year regularly! I feel really good about how I look and am really self assured!	I have been exercising and dieting for the last year regularly! I feel really good about how I look and am really self assured!	I try to eat the most junk food possible.
5	A woman that I work with just got promoted and also won a trip for two to New York that was an office contest. Some people get it all. [SEP] Did you want to go to New York? [SEP] I really did!  It is an all expense paid trip for 6 days.  I haven't had a vacation in about 6 years.  I don't usually win contests though.	I really did!  It is an all expense paid trip for 6 days.  I haven't had a vacation in about 6 years.  I don't usually win contests though.	Maybe you will win something else!
7	I just found out I am pregnant!	I just found out I am pregnant!	Wow congratulations! Is this your first?
7	It was a gorgeous morning today, the sun was shining as I walked my dogs and I'm still on summer holdiays.  [SEP] That's great!  How many dogs do you have? [SEP] Just 2, little guys. They love thir walks! [SEP] Awwww!  That sounds so fun!  And they sound like such happy little guys! [SEP] Is it still summer holidays where you live?	Is it still summer holidays where you live?	Nope - school started for the kids today!
4	I found a research study for parents where you discuss and review an education website. It takes an hour of your time and you make $125. I applied and told my friedn about it so she could apply. [SEP] Wow! That's a good deal- I wish I knew how to find that! [SEP] It was! Unfortunately for me she got chosen to participate and I did not. 	It was! Unfortunately for me she got chosen to participate and I did not. 	Aww, that's disappointing. Sorry to hear that. 
2	I recently got to move to the city I've always wanted to live in and I couldn't be happier! [SEP] Congratluations! I bet your full of joy! [SEP] I am! It also means I don't have to drive anymore, which I'm super excited about.	I am! It also means I don't have to drive anymore, which I'm super excited about.	I bet you are! I think you will enjoy your new home and city!
8	I stubbed my toe on the side of my bed this morning, it's still hurting!	I stubbed my toe on the side of my bed this morning, it's still hurting!	i hate when that happens! I stub my toes all the time i'm surprised i didn't break none of them yet
0	I was in such a scary car accident. [SEP] Oh that's horrible. Were you okay? [SEP] Yes! I was shaken up, but atleast im alive!	Yes! I was shaken up, but atleast im alive!	Yes that's the most important part. You were lucky!
4	I just broke up with my boyfriend of 8 years. I am beyond distraught. [SEP] I bet. You guys were together for so long. Is this for the best? [SEP] I hope so. I wish he would have broken up with me sooner. 	I hope so. I wish he would have broken up with me sooner. 	Well I am sorry to hear that. If you need anyone to talk to let me know.
2	it was suprising when i found cheap tickets to las vegas [SEP] I bet that was a nice deal to find [SEP] yea it was a good deal i couldnt pass up	yea it was a good deal i couldnt pass up	I hope you have fun there then
2	We're waiting to see what size my husband's bonus will be.  This is the first year he's eligible for anything bigger than a Starbucks gift card lol	We're waiting to see what size my husband's bonus will be.  This is the first year he's eligible for anything bigger than a Starbucks gift card lol	I hope it's a lot more than just a gift card but at least Starbucks should be a lot of money because it's so expensive there!
0	I did not expect France to win the World Cup. It's been a while but I still can't believe it considering a lot better teams made it to the semi play offs.	I did not expect France to win the World Cup. It's been a while but I still can't believe it considering a lot better teams made it to the semi play offs.	That was crazy!  I agree
5	Just took a bite at this restaurant and my burger had a tomato, gross. [SEP] Ah you aren't a big fan of tomatos? [SEP] Nope they are disgusting, I'm getting my money back.	Nope they are disgusting, I'm getting my money back.	Yes, if you requested no tomato, you should get a refund!
2	I am going to get to see Taylor Swift live for the first time.	I am going to get to see Taylor Swift live for the first time.	oh nice! she will be in my town this weekend
1	I wish that Summer wasn't almost over.	I wish that Summer wasn't almost over.	I feel that, even though I prefer Winter
5	I am trying to decide if I want to move in with my fiancee before the wedding. [SEP] Oh yeah that is a really big step. Have you guys talked about it yet/ [SEP] We have talked and I probably will so we can save money, but I am not sureof it is the right choice.	We have talked and I probably will so we can save money, but I am not sureof it is the right choice.	It's a hard decision. I think you guys should weigh everything together before making a final choice, to be sure.
8	Someone scammed me. [SEP] What did they do to scam you? [SEP] It was a guy at the bank that I have been working with for years, and he told me about an "outside the bank opportunity" that ended up just being him stealing my money! [SEP] What was the opportunity? [SEP] He said that he had a house that needed to be flipped, but he couldn't afford the renovations.  He would split the money with me when it sold if I would fund the renovation.  It was supposed to be $200,000 to split, but guess what?  He left town and I have no idea where he is. [SEP] Did you put money on the reno? [SEP] Yup, I gave him $100,000 up front.	Yup, I gave him $100,000 up front.	Haha, that wasn't very wise.
3	when i don't know if i have a busy day coming up the next day the unknown drives me crazy [SEP] I can relate to that, the late night anxiety of the unknown. Hate that. [SEP] it's like i'm going to lay down in bed and go to sleep. just kidding here's your stress all jumbled up in a mile ong list. lol	it's like i'm going to lay down in bed and go to sleep. just kidding here's your stress all jumbled up in a mile ong list. lol	It always seems to wait til your head hits the pillow, then BAM!
7	Tomorrow I'm going to an amusement park with my sister and some friends. I'm kinda excited because I haven't been to one since I was pretty young. [SEP] that sounds quite fun. [SEP] I hope so! I have a feeling I'm going to be scared of the roller coasters, but I haven't ever been on one.	I hope so! I have a feeling I'm going to be scared of the roller coasters, but I haven't ever been on one.	i hate heights so rollercoasters arent my thing, good luck with that
3	Some of my coworkers are really slacking off lately.	Some of my coworkers are really slacking off lately.	It is frustrating to work with such people. They should be fired instead of keeping them there
5	I have been exercising and dieting for the last year regularly! I feel really good about how I look and am really self assured! [SEP] I try to eat the most junk food possible. [SEP] That's no good!  Aren't you worried about your health!  You will feel better about yourself if you work out and eat healthy!	That's no good!  Aren't you worried about your health!  You will feel better about yourself if you work out and eat healthy!	I think i will most likely die before i am thirty.
7	I felt destroyed when I failed one of my college courses last year [SEP] Sorry to hear that. Was it a difficult course? [SEP] It was only calc 1 so i was quite embarrassed, I passed easily next year	It was only calc 1 so i was quite embarrassed, I passed easily next year	That is good if you could pass it.
0	I used to steal money from my dad's wallet as a kid. I feel bad about that today. [SEP] How old were you? [SEP] I was 11 years old. It was suck a terrible thing to do.	I was 11 years old. It was suck a terrible thing to do.	Nah, most kids that age are just trying to buy candy. it's much worse when you know fullly what stealing implicates.
8	So the first time I ever went to donate blood, after I signed up I instantly regretted it. I was soo worried about that big needle, and when it finally came time? It wasn't even a big deal, it was soo easy.	So the first time I ever went to donate blood, after I signed up I instantly regretted it. I was soo worried about that big needle, and when it finally came time? It wasn't even a big deal, it was soo easy.	Everything is harder until we do it. And am proud of you for donating blood. It is one of the good habit of this human race i would say.
3	i kept my friend's wallet which he'd forgotten at m y place and i felt trustful [SEP] did he came back to take it? [SEP] no. whenever we meet i will handover to him	no. whenever we meet i will handover to him	you are a trustworthy person, glad he forgot it at your place not somewhere else
6	I bought a jacket the other day which I wanted for ages only to get it and not like it in person	I bought a jacket the other day which I wanted for ages only to get it and not like it in person	OH no! Can you return it?
5	My Aunt asked me to look after my baby cousin last week. I think I did well. [SEP] Well done, it must have been quite an experience [SEP] It was. My aunt said I am a good carer because the baby didnt cry once!	It was. My aunt said I am a good carer because the baby didnt cry once!	Maybe the baby is feeling you :) and knows that you two are related
5	I just found out I didn't get into the college I wanted to. I'm really disappointed and feel like I should give up [SEP] Don't give up! You will find a better place and it will be the perfect fit. [SEP] I'm trying to see that side of it, but it's the only school I wanted to go to	I'm trying to see that side of it, but it's the only school I wanted to go to	Everything happens for a reason. I think you will realize that and this could be a good thing is disguise.
3	My neighbor had a party this weekend.  The next morning I wake up and find a bunch of trash is all over my yard from the party	My neighbor had a party this weekend.  The next morning I wake up and find a bunch of trash is all over my yard from the party	Well I hope he cleared it up - that is not a nice thing to wake up to!
5	I was married to my wife for thirty years, and even though she has passed I can't bring myself to date anyone else. [SEP] After being married for that long, I really don't blame you. Do you want to move on and find someone else? [SEP] I don't, but my kids keep telling me to try it out.  I just feel like it's cheating and I can't stand the thought of it.	I don't, but my kids keep telling me to try it out.  I just feel like it's cheating and I can't stand the thought of it.	Well, if that's how you feel then maybe it is best if you stay in the dugout and don't play the field. No shame in that.
5	A co-worker of mine got a promotion over me. [SEP] How do you feel about that? [SEP] Pretty annoyed maybe a little jealous.  I guess going to lunch with the boss every day has its benefits. [SEP] It really does, what job do you work at? [SEP] IT [SEP] Do you have any plans to try and get back at your boss? [SEP] Yeah, find a new job. 	Yeah, find a new job. 	You should get on that soon.
0	I wish I would've checked my bank account before going on last night's date [SEP] Oh no!  Did you overdraw your account? [SEP] Yep. I did. That $65 charge is no joke.	Yep. I did. That $65 charge is no joke.	Ugh, its the worst. I've had that happen a few times to me.  Like a punch to the gut.
5	so the other week a barista at a coffee shop i frequent remembered my order before i even spoke. [SEP] Well that must have been nice!  I assume you wanted it and not something different? [SEP] Yeah! I was actually giddy that she remembered as silly as that sounds.	Yeah! I was actually giddy that she remembered as silly as that sounds.	No that sounds great, I don't go to the same places enough for that, maybe I'll get lucky someday!
1	I am very surprised at the USA economy. [SEP] in a good way or bad way? [SEP] In a good way off-course.I tough Trump would tank the economy by now.	In a good way off-course.I tough Trump would tank the economy by now.	a lot of people are suprised by the GDP
6	I recently started working out daily and I was so anxious my first day.	I recently started working out daily and I was so anxious my first day.	Oh that's a great habit to have. Did you go to the gym?
4	This weekend, a guy totally drunk has hit very badly my car.	This weekend, a guy totally drunk has hit very badly my car.	Are you saying that a drunk guy hit your car, and that it is very bad? If so, that really sucks and I am sorry. Did he have insurance?
7	I was getting excited about my upcoming birthday, I didn't know if my husband had planned a secret party! [SEP] Has he given you any hints that he might be planning a party? That would be so much fun to be with all your family and friends in one place to celebrate you!! [SEP] He dropped a few but was careful not to ruin the surprise! When I came home on my birthday, 40 people surprised me!	He dropped a few but was careful not to ruin the surprise! When I came home on my birthday, 40 people surprised me!	That is a lot of people!! You are loved and appreciated! Now, its time to start planning his suprise birthday
8	I just bought a battery pack charger for my car, and guess what happened to me today. [SEP] I have no idea. What happened? [SEP] My battery died, but I was able to just step out, hook up the pack to the battery, and in 5 minutes I was on my way to my meeting.	My battery died, but I was able to just step out, hook up the pack to the battery, and in 5 minutes I was on my way to my meeting.	Oh thank goodness you weren't late.
1	I am looking forward to the soccer season starting again [SEP] Nice, you must be really anticipating it. Which soccer league will you watch? [SEP] Today the English league starts, but I am Scottish - so I watch the Scottish league normally. I also co-own a team in Spain so will watch that too. It doesn't start for a couple of weeks.	Today the English league starts, but I am Scottish - so I watch the Scottish league normally. I also co-own a team in Spain so will watch that too. It doesn't start for a couple of weeks.	Sounds good, today I'll be watching my favorite team play. I am also anticipating the match.
6	I am getting ready for my mid year work review.	I am getting ready for my mid year work review.	Do you expect it to be positive?
3	i lost my wallet today	i lost my wallet today	I keep my money in the bank, never in a wallet!
3	i was sad when i couldnt leave work early [SEP] Oh my, did they let everyone else leave early except you? [SEP] yep	yep	I would be upset if that happened to me. I hope they let you off early next time.
5	I am so ready for my test. I studied for 5 hours striaght.  [SEP] I hope you do very well! What subject? [SEP] Thank you. It's Psychology.	Thank you. It's Psychology.	I think you will do great!
5	I am so mad that I forgot my money at home. [SEP] Uh oh.  Better go back and get it! [SEP] Yes but its a long drive.	Yes but its a long drive.	Oh dang.  Thats awful.  Maybe someone will let you borrow some?
3	My wife went to her Mom's place. so bored without her [SEP] I can understand that. My husband went to a friends to work on his car. I'm home with 5 kids! [SEP] No need to worry about loneliness then.	No need to worry about loneliness then.	Ha ha! No loneliness here. I think the biggest worry is craziness.
4	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I am still not over it	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I am still not over it	Oh I am sorry to hear that. You must have been close to her.
1	I accidentally passed gas in front of my mother in law. [SEP] oh no what did she say? [SEP] She yelled at me.  I was so ashamed about it.	She yelled at me.  I was so ashamed about it.	I would have laughed lol
4	My 15 year old cat just passed away. I feel so empty and down in the dumps without him.	My 15 year old cat just passed away. I feel so empty and down in the dumps without him.	I am so sorry to hear that!
5	I watch youtube videos all day because I'm so bored	I watch youtube videos all day because I'm so bored	That really stinks. Maybe you should try and find something that your good at and do that!
5	Love isn’t fair sometimes.  You know what I mean? [SEP] Oh, I know for sure. There are no rules to follow.  [SEP] This girl at work and I have perfect chemistry and we always seem to hit it off.  Well I just found out that she has a boyfriend.  So not fair.  	This girl at work and I have perfect chemistry and we always seem to hit it off.  Well I just found out that she has a boyfriend.  So not fair.  	Ugh. Maybe you can wait out that relationshio.
0	I was driving the other day on a lane highway and a truck was tailgating me, flashing lights, and honking. I was already going 10 over the speed limit and it's not like I could get over.	I was driving the other day on a lane highway and a truck was tailgating me, flashing lights, and honking. I was already going 10 over the speed limit and it's not like I could get over.	I hate aggressive drivers. They cause the majority of the accidents.
6	Yesterday, two gangs were fighting just in front of my home. It is a very scary situtation.	Yesterday, two gangs were fighting just in front of my home. It is a very scary situtation.	Oh god that sounds terrible! Are you okay, is everyone in your house okay? Did anyone get hurt?
3	He seams fine when I talk with him but I know he is not. H has had a problem with substance abuse in the past  [SEP] That's really rough. Do you think he may have relapsed? [SEP] Well My stepmom just died last week and I am concerned for him greatly 	Well My stepmom just died last week and I am concerned for him greatly 	I would be too. Going through something like that can take a toll on anyone, and makes it hard to cope with everyday life. I hope he gets the help he needs.
3	I am sometimes a bad parent [SEP] Why is that? [SEP] I always eat all of the ice cream before my kids have any [SEP] Oh, well they probably do not need any ice cream! [SEP] that's what I say while I eat it lol	that's what I say while I eat it lol	Haha, they can eat ice cream when they are the parents!
3	I proposed to my girlfriend 2 months ago.  [SEP] So did she accept your proposal? [SEP] She did and  I knew at that time and for the rest of time she would be the only woman I would be with	She did and  I knew at that time and for the rest of time she would be the only woman I would be with	thats nice to know,hope you find happiness together?
8	He simply accused me of stealing from him,weve been friends for like 10 years now	He simply accused me of stealing from him,weve been friends for like 10 years now	that is awful, why did he do that
8	I CAN'T WAIT! I CAN'T WAIT! next week i am finally going to take a holiday [SEP] oh wow that sounds nice [SEP] thank you! i am so excited! are you going anywhere? 	thank you! i am so excited! are you going anywhere? 	i just did last week actually
3	I'm giving a presentation at work that is going to ensure I get a promotion. I know I'll get it.	I'm giving a presentation at work that is going to ensure I get a promotion. I know I'll get it.	I sure hope that you get it!
1	There was a story about a duck being a mother to 76 ducklings.  It was so sweet. [SEP] That is a lot of kids, imagine raising that many kids! [SEP] No thanks, ha.  I guess it was a huge deal with scientists as ducks usually only care for up to 15 and the largest known was 35.	No thanks, ha.  I guess it was a huge deal with scientists as ducks usually only care for up to 15 and the largest known was 35.	wow, that is huge, they must have abosrbed kids from another duck or something
4	My partner took my car last Sunday morning to visit her friend. She did not even ask me or let me know. I had plans too with friends. And I was stuck at home [SEP] Wow that doesn't sound like a very good relationship. Did you talk to her about it? [SEP] I did. But she does not listen to my concerns at all. She lives like she is the only one in that house	I did. But she does not listen to my concerns at all. She lives like she is the only one in that house	Wow I'm sorry I hope you can figure something out!
6	I had to get my foot checked out at the doctor, always makes me scared going there.	I had to get my foot checked out at the doctor, always makes me scared going there.	Were you worried it could be something very serious?
1	My wife has owned her own business for 3 years.	My wife has owned her own business for 3 years.	Thats so impressive! You must be proud. 
0	i am so frustrated ! at work my colleagues are not understanding it's so annoying! because i am realtively knew and young they are condescending me [SEP] this happens a lot at work, maybe try to talk to them about it?  [SEP] yeah but they are so full of themselves it's hard 	yeah but they are so full of themselves it's hard 	i agree everyone is just self-centered and it's very annoying to communicate with those people.
1	A fly landed in my drink while I was grilling some chicken for dinner outside.	A fly landed in my drink while I was grilling some chicken for dinner outside.	Oh yuck! I hate flies. 
0	I walked into class yesterday fully unprepared for our final exam. [SEP] Oh no!  What happened?  Do you think you did ok anyway? [SEP] I did terrible, I will most likely have to take the course again.	I did terrible, I will most likely have to take the course again.	That's sad to hear :(  That happened to me before and I came out ok in the end, I'm sure you will too :)
0	I went to the pound today and i felt like taking every animal home.	I went to the pound today and i felt like taking every animal home.	I have been there, done that.  I used to be a dog groomer and I love dogs.   Its so sad to go the pound and see all the homeless dogs.
1	I get hit on by a lot of girls, but I'm happy with the one I got. [SEP] How do you respond to the girls who are hitting on you? [SEP] Tell them I've got a girlfriend, but they still come on pretty strong.	Tell them I've got a girlfriend, but they still come on pretty strong.	Seems like you might be enjoying the attention.
1	I was robbed at a fast food place years ago. [SEP] Oh no! Was it traumatic? [SEP] Yes, they even pistol whipped the manager.	Yes, they even pistol whipped the manager.	That's nuts! I would have been so scared
5	I had a very fierce argument with my partner last night. She left the house in the middle of the night and I am not sure if she will ever come back [SEP] Oh no!  Have you spoken to her at all since she left? [SEP] She does not respond to my calls at all. I think it is all over for our 2 year relationship	She does not respond to my calls at all. I think it is all over for our 2 year relationship	That is so sad to hear!  Perhaps after she cools down a bit ya'll will be able to work it out.
8	My youngest niece will be 17 soon. I find myself thinking back to when she was little and I just get teary eyed. [SEP] Yeah, kids grow up so fast these days. [SEP] All those little moments just come to mind and I get so emotional.	All those little moments just come to mind and I get so emotional.	I don't like thinking about the past for that very reason.
5	My boss keeps putting off my employee review and it's really stressing me out.  	My boss keeps putting off my employee review and it's really stressing me out.  	Is there anyone else you can talk to? Maybe even Human Resources?
2	My dog is having surgery on his leg.	My dog is having surgery on his leg.	Oh poor dog! I hope he is okay!
2	I went on a bunch of job interviews last week. I have a good feeling I will get an offer soon.	I went on a bunch of job interviews last week. I have a good feeling I will get an offer soon.	It's good to be confident. I am sure you will get some good news soon.
6	Our home was broken into right after we moved in. [SEP] Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. [SEP] It was a scary experience.	It was a scary experience.	I'm sure it was. Did insurace cover what was lost?
1	I was prepared for the storm last week. I had food and drinks	I was prepared for the storm last week. I had food and drinks	LOL.....doesn't sound storm prep to me.
3	Someone broke a window in my side yard today. I don't know when, I assume I was gone as my dogs wouldv'e went nuts.	Someone broke a window in my side yard today. I don't know when, I assume I was gone as my dogs wouldv'e went nuts.	That is not good. I am glad they are okay though
5	My ex and I went to Branson a few weeks ago. It was so much fun! [SEP] i have never gone. was it really that much fun going with an ex though? [SEP] well we broke up afterwards lol. But the trip was still fun. There are some cool things to do there depending on where you live. 	well we broke up afterwards lol. But the trip was still fun. There are some cool things to do there depending on where you live. 	maybe i will check it out. i have heard good things about Branson
7	I came across an old highschool photo book. Memories.  [SEP] good memories ? [SEP] Yeah a lot of good memories. 	Yeah a lot of good memories. 	thats always good 
2	I found out that my wife is pregnant today. [SEP] Are you excited? [SEP] Very.  It will be my first. [SEP] Do you know if you're having a boy or girl yet? [SEP] No clue	No clue	I hope it's a boy I love kids.
7	My coworker got the promotion I wanted	My coworker got the promotion I wanted	I have been there. It can be irritating
2	I was supposed to be responsible for the powerpoint slides for our presentation, but I accidentally deleted it. [SEP] Oh no! So what happened? [SEP] I explained it to the professor, but she said we'd get a letter grade deducted from whatever we earn.	I explained it to the professor, but she said we'd get a letter grade deducted from whatever we earn.	I hope you get an A at least then
6	I ma hoping my brother comes home this weekend. There is still time	I ma hoping my brother comes home this weekend. There is still time	Have you talked to him about it? Why wouldn't he be able?
4	Trump behavior make me so angry. Even with the queen of England, I had an unacceptable behavior.	Trump behavior make me so angry. Even with the queen of England, I had an unacceptable behavior.	yea its insane that hes a political figure
3	Last year, when  my kids were both at school, I would get lonely at home sometimes. [SEP] I can understand that. It's usually either parents are happy they are out of the house, or sad that they're gone. I'm sorry you feel lonely.  [SEP] Most of the time I'm happy and content but occasionally I get lonely.	Most of the time I'm happy and content but occasionally I get lonely.	I can understand that. Kids have a big presence and their energy creates a void. Hopefully you can find things to take your mind off of it. 
1	Its storming really badly herer and there were branches blown onto the street when I was driving home. [SEP] That doesnt sound very safe.  I hope you dont lose power [SEP] Me too.  Its a little crazy outside right now.	Me too.  Its a little crazy outside right now.	well stay inside and stay dry
1	I am hopeful that my new degree will help me get a better paying job [SEP] Indeed. That is the whole purpose of getting a degree and education. Isn't it? [SEP] I suppose so, it will be great to see it pay off though	I suppose so, it will be great to see it pay off though	Well, it can also depend of your communication skills and how you can entice employers
1	I dropped my laptop and broke it. [SEP] Yikes, how much will it cost to replace? [SEP] I'm not sure. Hopefully not too much.  I think I can just fix the screen.	I'm not sure. Hopefully not too much.  I think I can just fix the screen.	That would be best, they can get expensive to fix
2	When I was a young girl, and mother of a two year old, my own mom passed away. This was a very sad time for me as I'm an only child and my father wasn't around either. [SEP] Uhmmnnn,that could have been really emotional for you [SEP] Oh yea it was.  It still bothers me. Nobody should go through that by themselves. 	Oh yea it was.  It still bothers me. Nobody should go through that by themselves. 	I understand, I've been there too,hope your getting through?
7	We put an offer down on a house that I really want.	We put an offer down on a house that I really want.	Congratulations! I'm so happy to hear that. You must be really excited!
0	I am so gulible. I will believe anything you say. [SEP] I have had problems with that as well. I wish I had some advice to give. [SEP] Me too. I just have to spend a lot of time trying to figure out if someone is lying to me or not. 	Me too. I just have to spend a lot of time trying to figure out if someone is lying to me or not. 	Same here. And that can be very difficult, as you know!
3	My dog had been missing for two days.  Then she suddenly was at the front door when I got home!  I thought she was gone for good. [SEP] That is a miracle. [SEP] I know!  I could not believe it.  I was so happy.	I know!  I could not believe it.  I was so happy.	I hope you make sure the dog is on a leash from now on.
5	MY daughter painted me a picture the other day [SEP] Did you love it? That was sweet [SEP] It looked like something from a museum. I was really proud. [SEP] Maybe she should take some art courses. [SEP] Maybe she doesnt need to lol	Maybe she doesnt need to lol	Maybe not lol
4	Leaving home makes me feel unhappy [SEP] That makes me so sad. Why is that so? [SEP] I have to be away and I am not able to play with my son	I have to be away and I am not able to play with my son	yes that can be a huge problem. I'm so sorry you're having to go through that.
8	My mom sent me a package the other day that had a bunch of my old comics in it the other day. It was a real trip to go through them all, it brought back a lot of memories. [SEP] That sounds really great!  Do you like them as much as you remembered? [SEP] A lot of them were still pretty good, but I think my fondness for them largely hinges on my memories of reading them as a kid.	A lot of them were still pretty good, but I think my fondness for them largely hinges on my memories of reading them as a kid.	haha, I felt the same when I read some of my old baby sitter's club books
6	I felt bad for firing her [SEP] Was she a bad employee? [SEP] No she wasn't 	No she wasn't 	Then what caused you to fire her?
6	I have to go get my tooth pulled soon. I hate the dentist	I have to go get my tooth pulled soon. I hate the dentist	What's wrong with your tooth? I hope it's not too painful of an experience.
7	Our team made the best IT project in the university. [SEP] That is so cool, what was the project? [SEP] The project was about a fighting robot. We made the robot more smart with some artificial intelligence.	The project was about a fighting robot. We made the robot more smart with some artificial intelligence.	That is so awesome, so it was a real life advanced battle bots.  So amazing.  Congratulations!
5	My interest rate just went up on my credit card. [SEP] Yikes, did you miss a payment? [SEP] No, I've been great about it.  I am so mad it happened.	No, I've been great about it.  I am so mad it happened.	It shouldn't have, maybe you need to call customer service and question them as to why.
2	MY daughter is gonna go pick up a pizza for us. I am so hungry [SEP] What kind of pizza? Now you're making me hungry! [SEP] supreme pizza. It is gonna be great. I wish she would hurry up	supreme pizza. It is gonna be great. I wish she would hurry up	Oh man, I bet that is gonna hit the spot!
8	I cannot wait for the new super smash bros for the nintendo switch	I cannot wait for the new super smash bros for the nintendo switch	Super Smash Bros is a classic!
1	"I am grateful for my family, they mean the world to me	"I am grateful for my family, they mean the world to me	Blood's thicker than water, whether you like it or not
2	I am going to get to see Taylor Swift live for the first time. [SEP] oh nice! she will be in my town this weekend [SEP] That's cool, I heard she puts on such a good show.	That's cool, I heard she puts on such a good show.	i have hear so as well, i love concerts
0	I feel so bad that I took home a large amount of change from the cashier at the store!	I feel so bad that I took home a large amount of change from the cashier at the store!	oh yea i know what you mean
8	I am really nervous for my swimming test next week. [SEP] Oh really? I can imagine [SEP] I never learned how to swim as a child.	I never learned how to swim as a child.	oh thats too bad but i bet you will do fine
1	My paper boy never brings my paper on time.	My paper boy never brings my paper on time.	Ah! That must be so frustrating. You should speak to him about this.
3	I set the burglar alarm to the house every night before bed. Around 3:00am this morning, the alarm went off [SEP] Oh man thats scary! What set it off? [SEP] Thankfully it was just the contact that had come lose, so it thought the window had opened.  I had a really hard time going back to sleep after!	Thankfully it was just the contact that had come lose, so it thought the window had opened.  I had a really hard time going back to sleep after!	I can imagine, i wouldnt have been at ease either.
6	I want to surprise my wife with a birthday party! [SEP] When is her birthday? [SEP] This upcoming weekend. I really appreciate her and want her friends and family to celebrate her special day.	This upcoming weekend. I really appreciate her and want her friends and family to celebrate her special day.	Where will you have the party?
8	My parents didn't save enough for retirement, and now that they're retirement age, they're struggling a little. I'm still in college and am not able to really help them. I'm worried about how they'll survive financially, and I feel guilty about not being able to offer much.	My parents didn't save enough for retirement, and now that they're retirement age, they're struggling a little. I'm still in college and am not able to really help them. I'm worried about how they'll survive financially, and I feel guilty about not being able to offer much.	There is always social security and part time jobs, that seems to be the norm these days. A lot of old people do not have enough saved
8	I killed some people and fed them to pigs. [SEP] nice [SEP] But now I'm having second thoughts	But now I'm having second thoughts	a bit late for that
2	My sister just graduated with her MBA. [SEP] Congratulations on that. What are her plans now? [SEP] To get a job and go to work like a normal person.	To get a job and go to work like a normal person.	I hope she would find one as it seems now the economy is really competitive
5	I am so happy school is back. [SEP] Indeed. It would be fun to see your friends again and be around them [SEP] Yes, but I am a teacher.	Yes, but I am a teacher.	I think being with children is a joy that not everybody can understand
5	I always feel weird driving by my old school	I always feel weird driving by my old school	why the feeling nolstalgia maybe ?
4	I found a hair in my lunch.... let's just say my hunger went away quickly	I found a hair in my lunch.... let's just say my hunger went away quickly	I'm sorry, that's quite disgusting.
2	I saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. I was beyond scared.	I saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. I was beyond scared.	oh really i bet i would be too
0	My friend just bought my dream car. I have never been so envious in my life! [SEP] What's the model/make [SEP] Buick Enclave. I wanted that SUV for years.	Buick Enclave. I wanted that SUV for years.	Dang that is a pretty slick ride...how close are you to buying one
1	I am so blessed to be able to have a car. [SEP] I am sure you are, it is nice [SEP] I had to work hard for it, but now I can go where I want.	I had to work hard for it, but now I can go where I want.	That is a great feeling
7	I entered a writing contest, but I didn't final in it. I was disappointed about that. [SEP] Sorry about that. You should try again and stay confident. The most important is to try. [SEP] That's how I feel. Every time one thing doesn't get accepted, I submit something else. 	That's how I feel. Every time one thing doesn't get accepted, I submit something else. 	Good. Stay focus and you will have success. We always learn something in our good and bad experiences.
6	I was so upset when my pet rat died last week. We played so much together.	I was so upset when my pet rat died last week. We played so much together.	That's really terrible. Are you going to get a new one?
6	I can't believe my landloard still hasnt fixed my stove	I can't believe my landloard still hasnt fixed my stove	Ugh. That's the worst. Have you called him/her? 
1	I woke up one night and realized that a roach crawled on my arm. I jumped up screaming before I killed it.	I woke up one night and realized that a roach crawled on my arm. I jumped up screaming before I killed it.	Yikes! I'd have jumped too.
3	I have been taking speech therapy classes to improve my stuttering problem! [SEP] That's great, good for you for taking charge of the situation  [SEP] Thanks. I feel so much more confident now when speaking to people.	Thanks. I feel so much more confident now when speaking to people.	I think it's so important to not let things like that bother us, I'm really pleased for you. 
5	I wish i was held accountable for the office since i committed it. But my coworker was and i am depressed about it [SEP] Sorry to hear that. Have you talked with your coworker or boss about it? [SEP] No i have not. I do not know how to do this	No i have not. I do not know how to do this	Well, maybe just ask for a meeting with your boss and go from there.
2	I am looking forward to going to the cinema this upcoming weekend. [SEP] That sounds like fun, what kind of movie will you see? [SEP] I believe it is a shark attack movie, so kind of a thriller. 	I believe it is a shark attack movie, so kind of a thriller. 	Nice, I love those. I have seen a preview for a shark attack movie that is coming out. I think called Meg, I hope to see that sometime
5	I feel bad for skipping church last week, My brother really wanted me to go with him [SEP] i have never been to church , but i understand where your coming from [SEP] Yeah it can be a good place though	Yeah it can be a good place though	maybe one day ill go , its just the way i was brought up religion was not something my family made me follow 
7	I have a meeting Monday and I'm gonna do great I think. [SEP] That's great, that means you're prepared [SEP] Very! I've had my presentation ready for days now!	Very! I've had my presentation ready for days now!	Good luck! not like you'll need it :)
5	man I feel kind of bad for something that I did [SEP] What did you do? [SEP] my gf sent me some....photos, and I showed my mate a couple of them....	my gf sent me some....photos, and I showed my mate a couple of them....	Dang! Maybe you can send me some too
6	I just lost my job, and I've got too many bills [SEP] Oh no I'm sorry about that, do you have any family that can help? [SEP] I do, but they're kinda living paycheck to paycheck themselves.	I do, but they're kinda living paycheck to paycheck themselves.	Do you have any leads on any new jobs?
0	I was shy when starting a new school. I did not know anyine [SEP] Oh I know what you mean! Its so weird because for that first month or so you like dont even fit in.. [SEP] Yeah, I felt like that for awhile	Yeah, I felt like that for awhile	I hope you eventually made friends! I know how much it stinks to feel left out of everything
1	I bought lots of snacks for the kids lunches this month [SEP] oh that was good of you. [SEP] Well not really. Ive eaten about half of them. I feel terribel [SEP] oh haha i know that feeling. [SEP] I know I shoudve have. Next time I will buy snacks I dont like	I know I shoudve have. Next time I will buy snacks I dont like	thats a good idea.
8	Sooo I just got done packing and I am ready for my trip... [SEP] Cool, where are you heading to? [SEP] I am going to Australia..  Going to see kangaroos.	I am going to Australia..  Going to see kangaroos.	Oh wow! I always thought kangaroos were really interesting animals!
8	I was grateful I was live after a car wreck. [SEP] I am glad your ok. [SEP] Thank you! Sorry I meant alive- It is very scary to be in the hospital and having others take care of you	Thank you! Sorry I meant alive- It is very scary to be in the hospital and having others take care of you	I was in a car wreck once.
6	I was at the fair the other day and I smelled funnel cakes. It reminded me of home [SEP] I love those. That must have brought up some nice memories. [SEP] They did! It reminded me of when my mom used to make them from scratch	They did! It reminded me of when my mom used to make them from scratch	Oh I see. Are you far from home?
5	I loaned a friend some money believing they would pay me back in a week. I have not heard from them since.	I loaned a friend some money believing they would pay me back in a week. I have not heard from them since.	you should go to their place
8	When i go to work all my co workers always talk about other women even though they are all married. they always laugh at me when i say i don't care about other women because i love my wife [SEP] Im sorry to hear that! Are they trying to shame or embarrass you about something.  [SEP] they just say that men can't be faithful, that all of us cheat and stuff like that. It's not true! I mean i really can't imagine cheating on my wife	they just say that men can't be faithful, that all of us cheat and stuff like that. It's not true! I mean i really can't imagine cheating on my wife	You seem like a trusting guy. there are not too many of those these days
7	I could not wait for the first day of college. I was just ready for it [SEP] I remember that feeling myself back on my first day of college [SEP] Yeah, Its a nice feeling to have	Yeah, Its a nice feeling to have	The first years is the best
1	I recently had my son and it was the best experience of my life. [SEP] Kids are the best [SEP] They are, I love working with children too!	They are, I love working with children too!	That sounds very nice
3	My family disowned me a few years ago. I heard that they were going on the annual family lake trip next week. Thinking about it made me really sad as I remembered all of my childhood memories on this trip. [SEP] Awe, I am sorry to hear that. Do you think there will be any chance of a reconciliation? [SEP] I don't know, I have been waiting five years and have sent many emails to my mom  but she seems too angry. I hope so one day but it seems less likely every day.  [SEP] I know it isn't my place to ask, but why did they disown you? [SEP] I ran away from home with boyfriend, when I was 16, and we had a baby. I don't regret it because we are married now and have three sons. (: I appreciate you asking, thanks. [SEP] In the end, I hope she sees that you were able to make it work, and if you can and do, she should meet you half way. You are very welcome :) [SEP] Thank you so much! I should end the chat now haha but I just wanted to thank you, so if you want you can end it.	Thank you so much! I should end the chat now haha but I just wanted to thank you, so if you want you can end it.	Yeah, I always hate ending conversations as well 2 turns just isn't enough. I will now let you end the conversation, lol
3	I am really sad that the boat sunk last week.	I am really sad that the boat sunk last week.	oh no, cheer up
8	I am sticking by my partner even though he has done a lot because no one else has. While he is in therapy. It's hard. I don't know if he will get better but I guess it's worth a shot since no one else has ever helped him or been a good influence. [SEP] Its always worth a shot [SEP] Thank you! He has had many from me. But this is the last one. He has had to go away. He might have FAS and he has bipolar so it makes me feel more compassion about his outbursts	Thank you! He has had many from me. But this is the last one. He has had to go away. He might have FAS and he has bipolar so it makes me feel more compassion about his outbursts	My mom was bipolar
0	I always like to be ready before going on a trip. [SEP] That's a good idea. There's a lot of preparation that goes into a good trip. [SEP] Yes, and it really sucks if you forget something important.	Yes, and it really sucks if you forget something important.	So true. I hate it when that happens.
8	I get sentimental about my family, they mean a lot to me and I do not know what I would do without them [SEP] I know what you mean. My family is the only thing that keeps me going. [SEP] That is how I feel a lot of the time too	That is how I feel a lot of the time too	Its tough, but hey at least it's something.
8	My mother passed away recently and it was a really hard time. When I returned to work my coworkers got me flowers and made me feel welcome. [SEP] That was really nice of them. Sorry to hear about your mother.  [SEP] Its getting better now. Im just glad to know that some people have my back. It was very nice of them and Ill forever be thankful.	Its getting better now. Im just glad to know that some people have my back. It was very nice of them and Ill forever be thankful.	It was. Time helps.
1	My fiance took a new job about a year ago, and he would eventually get his own work vehicle after the 6 months of training. After that long time of him having the car all day I am happy that his training is over and he gets his work truck and I get the car back!	My fiance took a new job about a year ago, and he would eventually get his own work vehicle after the 6 months of training. After that long time of him having the car all day I am happy that his training is over and he gets his work truck and I get the car back!	Nice!  Six months is a long time to be car-less.  I'm sure you have a new sense of freedom to do what you want and need to do while he's at work now.
2	I entered a raffle at work. I'm crossing my fingers I win! [SEP] Wow - what is the raffle for? [SEP] It's for a beach weekend getaway... I need it!	It's for a beach weekend getaway... I need it!	That would be an awesome win!  I think the most I've ever won was $1 on a scratch off lottery ticket haha!  I hope you win!!
1	It's really quiet around here right now. No one's at work besides me and the security guard downstairs	It's really quiet around here right now. No one's at work besides me and the security guard downstairs	Eek! Sounds pretty scary! I hate to be alone at night. 
5	I have a business meeting today. [SEP] Are you excited about it? [SEP] No, I am nervous because there is a mean person that will be there!	No, I am nervous because there is a mean person that will be there!	Maybe you should confront them about it.
2	I am having surgery in two weeks. First time.	I am having surgery in two weeks. First time.	I hope everything goes well friend.
0	I asked a girl out for dinner today, and she turned me down while a lot of people overheard. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. [SEP] Thanks. Guess it wasn't meant to be.	Thanks. Guess it wasn't meant to be.	You will find the right one someday.
8	College is starting in 3 weeks, and I have my apartment all settled, my classes picked out, and my student loans scheduled. I feel like I'm on track to start the semester in a way where I'm not hurried or confused, and it feels good. [SEP] That is really good.  Starting off right is one of the most important things for a successful School year.  Where are you going? [SEP] I'm attending the University of South Carolina as a social work major. I'll be a senior, so I'm kind of excited about that. But I will have to attend graduate school after this, so I can't get that "Almost all over with!" feeling just yet. What about you? Did you ever attend college, or want to?	I'm attending the University of South Carolina as a social work major. I'll be a senior, so I'm kind of excited about that. But I will have to attend graduate school after this, so I can't get that "Almost all over with!" feeling just yet. What about you? Did you ever attend college, or want to?	I did attend college, but I am one of those statistics you hear about....a dropout.
7	Last month, my boss gave me a 10% raise, even though I didn't ask fo it. It was quite the welcome surprise! [SEP] That is great. Probably he think that you are doing a great job. [SEP] Yeah, we have always gotten along well, and he has always been very supportive of me.	Yeah, we have always gotten along well, and he has always been very supportive of me.	That is good
5	My wife and kid have been out of town for a week. I am so bored being all by myself in this empty house. [SEP] Must be really lonely. You're not trying to go on a guys' night out or anything? [SEP] Yeah, it is, and no guys night for me.  I am trying to save money.  I just miss having them around!	Yeah, it is, and no guys night for me.  I am trying to save money.  I just miss having them around!	That's really sweet! Maybe they miss you, too.
8	It's always such a great feeling whenever I get home and my dog is there waiting for me at the door ready to greet me. [SEP] Dogs are wonderful pets. They are so loving and devoted. What kind of dog do you have? [SEP] I have a little havanese named Yoko. 	I have a little havanese named Yoko. 	That's an awesome name. I have two feists. If you're not familiar with the breed, they resemble Jack Russell terriers, but they are bred for squirrel hunting. Their names are Whiskey and Ruby.
5	My first child is due in a couple of months, and I am a little nervous.	My first child is due in a couple of months, and I am a little nervous.	I think everyone gets nervous. You'll be fine!
5	Many of my friends were invited to a party. I felt very left out as I sat at home. I always invite everyone.   [SEP] I feel for you,but dont take it the hard way,its well [SEP] I need to focus on other things instead. 	I need to focus on other things instead. 	Thats what you should do
3	I was so sad when my hamster died recently due to a heart attack. Maybe I shouldn't have fed him so many cheetos. I cry every day thinking about him.	I was so sad when my hamster died recently due to a heart attack. Maybe I shouldn't have fed him so many cheetos. I cry every day thinking about him.	Oh I am so sorry. It's OK, it probably wasn't the cheetos that got him - rodents just don't have a long lifespan. I hope you feel better.
8	My best friend just got a new car. Here I am driving the same car for 10 years.  [SEP] I feel you. I need a new one asap. POS falling apart. Cost me lots for a repair recently [SEP] I know how that is trust me.  Why can she get a new one and not me.. UGH!	I know how that is trust me.  Why can she get a new one and not me.. UGH!	They're not cheap let me tell ya
5	I lost my best friend last year when he moved to Chicago because he got accepted into a master's program, and he made me feel like our friendship meant nothing since he was going on to do bigger and better things.  [SEP] That can be pretty hard to swallow, do you stay in touch? It's easier these days with the likes of social media. How do you fill that void? [SEP] We don't really stay in touch anymore. He and his fiance invited me to their wedding, though. He's not a social media person, and I'm not either, so we've basically lost touch. I haven't filled the void, unfortunately, but I feel okay about it now. 	We don't really stay in touch anymore. He and his fiance invited me to their wedding, though. He's not a social media person, and I'm not either, so we've basically lost touch. I haven't filled the void, unfortunately, but I feel okay about it now. 	That's such a shame, we grieve any kind of loss, I suppose. Perhaps the wedding would bring you closer together?
1	I took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. [SEP] Turbulence always scares me lol. In reality the plane is very safe though. [SEP] It was super scary for me. I'm generally afraid of planes, even though I know they are the safest form of travel. [SEP] How often do you fly? The more you do it the easier it gets. [SEP] I fly a few times per year. I live in Florida, but I grew up in Indiana and my family and friends still live there, so I have to fly to visit them.	I fly a few times per year. I live in Florida, but I grew up in Indiana and my family and friends still live there, so I have to fly to visit them.	Cool I lived in Palm Beach County for 2 years. I fly to the Philippines every few years and it takes over 12 hours!
7	I am so nervous about the certification test I have to take for my job. I am worried I won't pass it. [SEP] It must be nerve wrecking especially since it has so much impack on your job. [SEP] I studied so much but I just know the questions will be about something I forget. Oh well, guess I will just try my best.	I studied so much but I just know the questions will be about something I forget. Oh well, guess I will just try my best.	Try to stay calm and do your best. Good luck!
0	I don't know if its weird but I am most comfortable laying in bed watching TV and hanging out from there. [SEP] I'm right there with you. I've always been a home-body. I don't like going out as much. Sometimes people say millennials and technology have disconnected people too much.. that could be true. But at least we're comfortable doin it. [SEP] Yeah for sure, I still like people but not everyday and my fiance is usually enough for me with my animals!	Yeah for sure, I still like people but not everyday and my fiance is usually enough for me with my animals!	Absolutely. I'm the kind of person that can be around for people a little bit, but get drained by them. I think that's getting more and more common for others. Could you tell me what kind of animals you have real quick!
8	One day i was in a haste to meet up with an appointment, i hit someone into the gutter, i made him miss his interview and i felt really guilty to meet up with my appointment	One day i was in a haste to meet up with an appointment, i hit someone into the gutter, i made him miss his interview and i felt really guilty to meet up with my appointment	Oh no that's too bad, it wasn't your fault at least.
4	Yesterday I went to the doctor  and had to get a shot. [SEP] What is your health issue? [SEP] I am having shoulder pain from an injury 7-8 years ago.  He decided I should have a cortisone shot.	I am having shoulder pain from an injury 7-8 years ago.  He decided I should have a cortisone shot.	Sorry to hear that. I have same issues with my knees.
4	I wore my old letter jacket yesterday, I found it stuffed back in my closet. [SEP] Was there anything in the pockets? [SEP] nope, I was hoping to maybe find money, or a girls phone number.	nope, I was hoping to maybe find money, or a girls phone number.	haha the best would have been the girls phone number
8	My car battery is always dead!	My car battery is always dead!	UGH thats the worst,  I once ran my car dry of oil..oops.
5	I was eating lunch at work and spilled some juice all over my pants. [SEP] god.... did you have any extra clothes or able to change?  [SEP] Nope so I just left work early haha.	Nope so I just left work early haha.	sounds like a good reason to leave maybe i should spill juice on myself too lol 
0	I'm a little saddened to hear my state came last in education. [SEP] What state is that? [SEP] Won't surprise you, but it's Louisiana.	Won't surprise you, but it's Louisiana.	That does surprise me actually.
7	I studied so hard for my test. [SEP] Oh yeah?  I hope you did well? [SEP] I did amazing, got a 95%, so surprised!	I did amazing, got a 95%, so surprised!	Good for you!
4	A few years ago after a divorce, my roommates moved away and I gotta tell you, it was rough after that.	A few years ago after a divorce, my roommates moved away and I gotta tell you, it was rough after that.	I am sorry, that sounds rough
0	I saw a black cat cross my street yesterday. Now I think something very bad will happen to me. I am so superstitious. [SEP] I am sure nothing will happen to you. [SEP] I hope so. I will be extra careful around things that could hurt me.	I hope so. I will be extra careful around things that could hurt me.	I understand. Sometime, I become also superstitious.
0	My daughters little dog passed away about 4 months ago, it really shook all of us. [SEP] i am so sorry for you.  I know what a crushing experience the passing of a beloved pet can be.  You must be very sad. [SEP] Yes, she was only 6 years old.  She had an autoimmune disease and it started attacking her red blood cells - there was not much we could do.	Yes, she was only 6 years old.  She had an autoimmune disease and it started attacking her red blood cells - there was not much we could do.	That is awful.  An unexpected illness cam really strike like a dagger in the heart.
2	So, last night, my devious little mutt of a dog Mimi pooped all over the kitchen.  [SEP] That must of been no fun. [SEP] It was no fun indeed! I was extremely irked by her behavior - and the fact that I had to clean it up. She usually doesn't act like this.	It was no fun indeed! I was extremely irked by her behavior - and the fact that I had to clean it up. She usually doesn't act like this.	Hopefully she doesn't do it again.
4	I wish my grandma was still alive.	I wish my grandma was still alive.	Awwww  i can relate to that.  I am so sorry.
3	I was keeping my savings at home in safe. My house was recently robbed. The safe is gone also. [SEP] Oh no! Did you have any sort of security cameras to see who did it? [SEP] They were hidden their faces and wearing gloves. I don't think that the police will be to find them. I feel totally destroyed.	They were hidden their faces and wearing gloves. I don't think that the police will be to find them. I feel totally destroyed.	That's horrible. I hope you can find a way to recoup what was lost quickly and move on.
7	Last week I entered a contest to win an ipad at work and today I got the news that I won!	Last week I entered a contest to win an ipad at work and today I got the news that I won!	Congratulations! That is awesome!  I don't really have much luck in winning things.  Have you won anything else before in your life?
6	When I see little girls around town the past week it makes me remember mine and feel sad but happy.	When I see little girls around town the past week it makes me remember mine and feel sad but happy.	Where are yours and what's going on withthem?
7	Some jerks egged my house whilst I was on vacation.  [SEP] Probably just some bored teens. Still, what a mess to clean up! [SEP] Exactly, I am absolutely furious. I hope I catch them if they do it again.	Exactly, I am absolutely furious. I hope I catch them if they do it again.	Sounds like you are going to have a stake out. Good luck!
6	I need to past a test next week but since I am well prepared I believe I will have no trouble doing it.	I need to past a test next week but since I am well prepared I believe I will have no trouble doing it.	Are you nervous? Or do you have amazing confidence in your ability?
2	My mom is getting older and having a tough time lately but I was a jerk that lost my cool and yelled at her on our phone call the other day. [SEP] I am sorry, it happens though [SEP] Yeah, I need to apologize to her later.	Yeah, I need to apologize to her later.	I am sure she will forgive you
4	My nephew died in a car wreck.	My nephew died in a car wreck.	oh my god, so sad. how did that happen. Feel so sorry for you
3	I'm waiting to hear back from the nursing program I applied to for my degree [SEP] That's exciting and nerve wracking at the same time I bet. How do you feel about it? [SEP] I think I will get in since my board exam score is good, and my GPA is high. I don't want to be too confident though! I heard the program is competitive.	I think I will get in since my board exam score is good, and my GPA is high. I don't want to be too confident though! I heard the program is competitive.	For sure. Well good luck! Nurses are very under-appreciated. I hope you get.
5	My daughter recently finished potty training!  [SEP] Awesome. How old is she? [SEP] She is 2! I was happy to get this accomplished before she turned 3. My friends son is 3 and still isn't trained.	She is 2! I was happy to get this accomplished before she turned 3. My friends son is 3 and still isn't trained.	Great to hear she's progressing well.  Maybe she'll be motivation for your friends son.
3	The last time we went on vacation I made sure to overpack so we would have everything we needed.	The last time we went on vacation I made sure to overpack so we would have everything we needed.	That's a good idea. Hopefully, you had enough room
1	my kids made it back from summer break [SEP] That is so nice to hear! You have a full house again! Did they have a good time? [SEP] yes they had a good time and the house is back to being crazy.. i love it	yes they had a good time and the house is back to being crazy.. i love it	Oh yeah! I hear you! A house full of kids is always crazy. Haha
6	My wife is off to her mom's. I will be alone and lonely without her	My wife is off to her mom's. I will be alone and lonely without her	Oh no! How boring. Could you call up a few buddies to hang out?
1	I went on a bike ride after work today.  It was very peaceful.  Just me, the mountains, and my thoughts.   [SEP] That sounds relaxing! How was the weather? [SEP] It was perfect.  Not to warm, nice breeze.  Very good to release some stress. 	It was perfect.  Not to warm, nice breeze.  Very good to release some stress. 	I love when everything just seems to work out together. Im glad you enjoyed!
7	my body is great i worked hard towards it [SEP] That is awesome, I am trying my best these days [SEP] its rock hard	its rock hard	That is good, that takes a lot of work!
7	My mom got back on her feet very quickly after leaving her abusive boyfriend. I'm amazed my her determination. [SEP] That's great.  She sounds like a passionate and independent woman. [SEP] She is!	She is!	I wish her and you the most abundant blessings and wealth and success.
2	I was at a bus station and a woman was sitting in the bus station. A homeless person came close and started peeing. [SEP] That sounds about right for the bus station, unfortunately. How did everyone react when they saw it? [SEP] We were two at the bus station. I told the woman to get away. She pretend he doesn't exist because he was behind her. It was disgusting.	We were two at the bus station. I told the woman to get away. She pretend he doesn't exist because he was behind her. It was disgusting.	Wow. I hope you don't ever have to see anything like that again!
6	Someone stole my luch out of the refrigerator in the break room! [SEP] What did you have in there? [SEP] Some grilled chicken and veggies  I made last night.,	Some grilled chicken and veggies  I made last night.,	I love veggies, do you know who did it?
2	A few days ago I took my personal training certification test. I really thought I did horribly, but today I got my results in the mail and I scored a 98%! [SEP] wow thats a great score! [SEP] Thanks. I'm so stoked! I guess I shouldn't doubt myself; I did study pretty hard.	Thanks. I'm so stoked! I guess I shouldn't doubt myself; I did study pretty hard.	hard work pays off as they say.
3	I had a notification that I was eligible to receive a $1000 reward from one of the cards I use. I just had to wait and see what the outcome was in a few weeks. [SEP] That sounds like a great deal. Get the money and do something great with it. [SEP] It would be great, but the wait is something you can only keep checking back on to see if there has been progress or not!	It would be great, but the wait is something you can only keep checking back on to see if there has been progress or not!	Hopefully all goes well. We could use a little cash.
3	I once went to relieve myself in the bathroom of a bar and saw vomit all over almost every surface. If I hadnt immediately run out of there I would have definitely ended up contributing to the mess. [SEP] These places should have them clean, because it is inevitably; these things happen [SEP] They do. I just feel sorry for the poor guy who had to clean it!	They do. I just feel sorry for the poor guy who had to clean it!	There are jobs that are hard
6	I am more than ready for my vacation to Europe.	I am more than ready for my vacation to Europe.	When will you be going?
4	I wish I had more money like Bill Gates.	I wish I had more money like Bill Gates.	I am totally with you
2	I was walking on the sidewalk and came across a rotted deer corpse [SEP] Oh gross!  They should have street cleaners taking care of that.  Poor animal.   [SEP] I was sick to my stomache when I saw it	I was sick to my stomache when I saw it	I bet.  I have never seen one up close so that turns my stomach too.  I can't stand seeing injured, hurt, or dead animals. Hope you're feeling better now.
2	I recently got a care package from my sister who lives overseas. She didn't tell me that she was sending it. But it really delighted me. [SEP] You are so lucky to have such caring sister [SEP] Thank you. I agree. She really is great most of the time.	Thank you. I agree. She really is great most of the time.	I hope you can reciprocate by sending her a birthday message  when it's time for it so she knows you care for her 
1	One of my coworkers tried to flirt with me. I told him no because I am happily married.  [SEP] It's good that your standing up for your marriage like that. A lot of people aren't that committed. [SEP] No, they aren't. But I love my husband so much, I could never do that to him. 	No, they aren't. But I love my husband so much, I could never do that to him. 	You are a wonderful person then.
2	It's almost date night [SEP] What happened [SEP] Nothing yet. Me and the hubby are gonns get some well deserved alone time.	Nothing yet. Me and the hubby are gonns get some well deserved alone time.	I bet that will be fun
5	turns out my best bro has a crush on MY crush. and guess what? she like him back, and they're going on a date tonight	turns out my best bro has a crush on MY crush. and guess what? she like him back, and they're going on a date tonight	well you should be happy for them!
4	I was walking on the road, hurrying and I slip and fell. There were several people on the road. I felt really bad. [SEP] Were you hurt? [SEP] Yes! My knee hurt like crazy, someone had to help me up and offered to call an ambulance. [SEP] Wow! Did you have to go to the doctor? [SEP] Yes the ambulance came and they top me to the hospital, they did an ex-ray. [SEP] Was anything broken? [SEP] Thankfully nothing was broken, but I got medication.. 	Thankfully nothing was broken, but I got medication.. 	I'm sorry to hear about that.
0	I was at a friends house and he had the grossest kitchen i had ever seen!	I was at a friends house and he had the grossest kitchen i had ever seen!	I feel like this is me. I'm clean, but I'm stuck with a dirty roommate who doesn't do dishes. And I also live in a place that is old and looks terrible to begin with. Sorry you have to deal with that, because I know I hate living in it!
8	One time I tripped over nothing and landed on my face [SEP] Ouch. I actually have done that before too though...  [SEP] I'm so clumsy, my balance is just terrible sometimes	I'm so clumsy, my balance is just terrible sometimes	It's embarrassing in the moment, but I think there are more clumsy people all around us. 
1	My son said his first word today! [SEP] That is so cool! [SEP] I know! He said "alfredo"! How zany is that! 	I know! He said "alfredo"! How zany is that! 	That is crazy!  Most kids first words are "money".
6	I looked out for my brother last weekend. He was very sick	I looked out for my brother last weekend. He was very sick	Is he doing better?
3	My parents decided to send me to a new school out of the area [SEP] a better school? [SEP] They thought it was a better school, and it probably was, but I didn't feel like it was at the time	They thought it was a better school, and it probably was, but I didn't feel like it was at the time	oh that stinks
3	I recently lost my job, and am having trouble finding another one.  [SEP] I feel your pain, that happened to me a few years ago, I ended up having to settle on a job I didn't like just to make ends meet. [SEP] Its a scary situation to be in but like you I almost pretty much applying to anything out there! 	Its a scary situation to be in but like you I almost pretty much applying to anything out there! 	I hope you find a job, good luck!
0	so i did jiu jitsu for 3 years , and now my brother and his wife have done jiu jitsu for 1 year , and the other day i was in shock when they enrolled my 3 year old nephew into jiu jitsu too ... omg the kids gonna be a monster  [SEP] It's always good to start them young! Hopefully they love it and stick to it. [SEP] i hope the kid stays with it too, it will give him a lot of discipline and useful skills in life like self confidense 	i hope the kid stays with it too, it will give him a lot of discipline and useful skills in life like self confidense 	I agree. Kids can get a lot more out of sticking to those types of sports other than just physical exercise. It teaches them great personality traits like dedication and hard work.
0	I stole some candy from the store. I felt so bad about it. [SEP] Did this happen recently?  Did you take it back and admit the error? [SEP] It did...I committed the heinous crime yesterday in a fit of gluttony. I haven't told anyone about it because the candy lies at the bottom of my thieving stomach. I don't know how I'll ever be able to sleep again.	It did...I committed the heinous crime yesterday in a fit of gluttony. I haven't told anyone about it because the candy lies at the bottom of my thieving stomach. I don't know how I'll ever be able to sleep again.	Well, you may want to think about admitting it to the store manager and paying for it.  Especially if it's bothering you this much, it's the ony way to resolve it.
6	Last year in my first year of college my roommate left so i had little human contact the entire year [SEP] How convenient that was! My daughter would love that! [SEP] It was nice having no roommate but it got a bit lonely after a while, wouldve been nice to have more friends on campus	It was nice having no roommate but it got a bit lonely after a while, wouldve been nice to have more friends on campus	I can understand that. Is it better for you this year?
4	I can't believe she left me.	I can't believe she left me.	I'm sorry to hear that. How long were you together?
0	I used my friend's car without permission. [SEP] It is unacceptable for a friendship. I think you should not behave in such a way ever again [SEP] Trust me, I feel really bad for doing it.	Trust me, I feel really bad for doing it.	You should. You must immediately let your friend know and apologize for your behavior
3	One time I was working on a huge project with a lot of people and made a huge mistake. Another person from another company could have embarassed me, but instead he helped me out and covered for me.  [SEP] that's nice. i wish i had people like that to work with [SEP] I've never had that happen before either. It was a hostile environment and he certainly didn't have to help me, but he did. I've tried to be more like that since then.  	I've never had that happen before either. It was a hostile environment and he certainly didn't have to help me, but he did. I've tried to be more like that since then.  	i wonder if he has a crush on you or wants something in return
1	Hi there. Did you do anything fun for the 4th of July? I went kayaking and hit some pretty heavy rapids. I had trouble with them, but the friend I was with did not. [SEP] That's awesome.  Do you go kayaking often? [SEP] As often as I can. I don't get to enough. It's hard to get away from work.  [SEP] Do you own your own kayak or do you rent? [SEP] I just bought one this Christmas. It was a good investment.	I just bought one this Christmas. It was a good investment.	I want to get a sea kayak (I like to fish)
5	i bought a new gun and i can't wait to go to the range! I really love going to the range	i bought a new gun and i can't wait to go to the range! I really love going to the range	Wow, you should be an avid shooter!!
1	I got detention when I did not wrong. I was so furious at the kid who actually did the deed [SEP] What does the teacher say happened? [SEP] That I cheated	That I cheated	Oh, that's rough. 
7	I am going on a flight for the first time in a couple weeks. I am really scared for some reason! [SEP] Good for you. Is it truly your first time flying on a plane? [SEP] Yeah, I have always been scared to fly, but I need to go to a family members wedding.  	Yeah, I have always been scared to fly, but I need to go to a family members wedding.  	One advice. Don't freak out when the plane go through some turbulence. It is normal and will only last for couple of minutes
4	It was terminal, and the doctor said they caught it too late. [SEP] What?! Are you sick or your family member? [SEP] It was my father who was sick. He passed not too long ago.	It was my father who was sick. He passed not too long ago.	Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that, it must have been hard on you
4	i got home from running errands today to find someone broke in and took my tv and laptop  [SEP] Oh no that is horrible! Did you call the police? [SEP] yes i did. i just got both the tv and the laptop 	yes i did. i just got both the tv and the laptop 	That's good. I'm sorry that terrible thing happened to you.
5	I was surprised this morning when I woke up before my alarm. [SEP] Do you usually sleep in? I heard it's better to wake up naturally. [SEP] I usually just rely on the alarm	I usually just rely on the alarm	Well maybe you will be able to start a new habit of waking up without it.
1	I went to the children's hospital to bring gifts for children who are sick.	I went to the children's hospital to bring gifts for children who are sick.	Aw, that is so nice of you, I bet they really appreciated it.
5	my little brother is always farting its the grossest thing ive ever smelled. [SEP] Lol brothers.. mine was the same when we were little [SEP] thats terrible Im not siure if I can deal with it anylonger 	thats terrible Im not siure if I can deal with it anylonger 	MAybe try having a serious talk
2	I'm going to ask this girl I've been talking online with for a while out on a date. [SEP] that is awesome good for you, how long have you been talking [SEP] About 6 months now.	About 6 months now.	well i hope everything goes very well for you
7	I ate way too much junk food yesterday! I am usually good about being careful, but I just let myself overindulge. [SEP] That happens to me sometimes, too.  I feel awful after! [SEP] Now I am resolved to eat healthier!	Now I am resolved to eat healthier!	Good for you!
8	Do you ever remember stuff you did as a kid out of the blue, and retroactively feel bad about it? I remembered this time we went to my father's friend's house, and while the adults were busy I ate some of the white stuffing from their oreos, and hid the cookies underneath their mattress and couch cushions. [SEP] i cant say that i do [SEP] Well, you must have been a better child than me, haha.	Well, you must have been a better child than me, haha.	i highly doubt that
4	i had a bad day and tried calling 2 different people and couldn't get anyone	i had a bad day and tried calling 2 different people and couldn't get anyone	Oh I'm so sorry, I'm here if you want to talk
7	I am very happy that I have graduated today!	I am very happy that I have graduated today!	Wow, that's exciting! Congratulations, you must be very proud. 
1	I finally got a time with my buddy to go camping in a couple weeks! [SEP] Yes! me and my buddy go camping every year when it cools off. [SEP] Yeah that's what we were waiting on, I'm pumped.	Yeah that's what we were waiting on, I'm pumped.	Yeah its been WAY to hot here lately to do anything.
2	I just took a very hard test in math. Tomorrow I will see how I did [SEP] Did you study for it? [SEP] Yes and I know I did really well.	Yes and I know I did really well.	Great then! You can ace any "hard" test as long as you put in the work and time! I hope you did well.
3	i miss my familly so much [SEP] Do they live far away from you? [SEP] they live 800 miles away and it makes it so hard when i miss them this much.	they live 800 miles away and it makes it so hard when i miss them this much.	wow that is far.  I hope you guys use video chats
1	Some of my coworkers are really slacking off lately. [SEP] It is frustrating to work with such people. They should be fired instead of keeping them there [SEP] They're leaving too much work behind for me to do.	They're leaving too much work behind for me to do.	See. They will only hinder the overall performance. You should talk to your manager
6	My owl ran away yesterday, but my neighbor managed to find it!	My owl ran away yesterday, but my neighbor managed to find it!	what a joy ... as it is called
1	When my husband and I were teenagers we moved in to this cabin our friend offered us to live in free. It was like homemade and no one had lived in it for years. There was still food and dishes in the sink and fridge that we had to clean out, it made me vomit seriously there were maggots and stuff. [SEP] Nice did you become sort of a nature girl after that experience? Or were you just traumatized haha [SEP] No, haha not traumatized but happy to move in to a real apartment once we had enough money saved, haha. 	No, haha not traumatized but happy to move in to a real apartment once we had enough money saved, haha. 	That's pretty cool.  So I'm guessing you're more of a city gal
4	I was lonely a lot in years past.	I was lonely a lot in years past.	Oh no. Sorry to hear that. IS it different now?
7	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining.it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store ". [SEP] When you feel rain ... sometimes you feel its magic ... ask the children [SEP] i agree . but i think that will only work if i willingly go under the rain.  [SEP] you're right ... then the umbrella always at hand [SEP] it was just unfortunate that i did not check the weather before going out	it was just unfortunate that i did not check the weather before going out	of everything, there is always something to learn
0	I was at a friends house and he had the grossest kitchen i had ever seen! [SEP] I feel like this is me. I'm clean, but I'm stuck with a dirty roommate who doesn't do dishes. And I also live in a place that is old and looks terrible to begin with. Sorry you have to deal with that, because I know I hate living in it! [SEP] Oh man at least i don't have to live with it. I don't know how people are ok with nasty homelifves.	Oh man at least i don't have to live with it. I don't know how people are ok with nasty homelifves.	Me either. I've always been a fairly clean person. Had to move out of my parents home for college, and both roommates I've had have been kind of messy. I don't know how people don't feel weird and uncomfortable making other people live in/clean up their mess.
5	I love that feeling of finishing a bomb workout at the gym...then catch 5 cute girls staring and shyly look away and their boyfriends giving me salty looks [SEP] Wow is that really something that happens? [SEP] Yup every time.	Yup every time.	I don't think I believe you. 
1	I still am in disbelief ACDC is coming back. [SEP] Are they? Damn I can't believe I didn't hear. [SEP] Yes, hopefully they will tour next year.	Yes, hopefully they will tour next year.	Agreed, that would be badass.
2	My pregnant girlfriend accidentally fell down some stairs last week. She was fine but we've been so scared that she may have lost the baby. [SEP] oh no.. is she ok ? [SEP] Well my girlfriend is. She has a doctor's appointment to check on the baby today.	Well my girlfriend is. She has a doctor's appointment to check on the baby today.	i hope all goes well
2	An elderly friend of mine gave me one thousand dollars to keep for him. [SEP] He must trust you a lot. [SEP] I think so and I will not let him down. I have invited him over for dinner.	I think so and I will not let him down. I have invited him over for dinner.	I hope you guys have fun
6	It is my friends birthday today and we had lunch together.	It is my friends birthday today and we had lunch together.	What did you guys eat?
7	I just asked my girlfriend if she will marry me. [SEP] What did she say? [SEP] She said yes, I am so happy!	She said yes, I am so happy!	Congratulations. That's amazing!
6	Hi friend, do you like candies?	Hi friend, do you like candies?	yes i do
6	I had to give a speech at work and I forgot what I was saying right in the middle.	I had to give a speech at work and I forgot what I was saying right in the middle.	That's never fun.  Did you have any notes to help you remember?
5	i regret watching horror movie last night because it kept me awake all through the night with much fear [SEP] Horror movies give me so much anxiety. I cant watch them late at night. [SEP] i won't even try it again, i get scared at every sound	i won't even try it again, i get scared at every sound	Maybe watch a comedy tonight. That might help out a little.
8	I had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but I just lost it. [SEP] Oh my that is horrible, i hope you find it! [SEP] I think it may have been stolen.  I was at the pool and took it off.  When I got done swimming it was gone.	I think it may have been stolen.  I was at the pool and took it off.  When I got done swimming it was gone.	Man there are some crappy people in the world
2	 I am feeling so impatient this year for christmas since we are in our new home.  [SEP] I can understand, the holidays are exciting, almost there though. [SEP] yeah they really are especially in our new house, i cant wait! 	yeah they really are especially in our new house, i cant wait! 	I hope it's worth the wait!
1	I invited my mom out to dinner the other night, because we haven't seen other in a while. I was all willing to pay, since I invited her, but she stole the check and paid for it instead. 	I invited my mom out to dinner the other night, because we haven't seen other in a while. I was all willing to pay, since I invited her, but she stole the check and paid for it instead. 	Wow! That must've been a surprise 
4	i was hoping to be able to go visit family soon but i don't think it's going to happen	i was hoping to be able to go visit family soon but i don't think it's going to happen	Aw, I'm sorry, why can't you?
3	I received a promotion and while I didn't expect it, it is much needed and appreciated!	I received a promotion and while I didn't expect it, it is much needed and appreciated!	unexpected is even better than expected! congrats! 
4	I got my promotion results back the other day and I didn't get selected. I was so angry because I know I am a great employee.	I got my promotion results back the other day and I didn't get selected. I was so angry because I know I am a great employee.	Sorry about that. Did you talk to your manager to understand why you did got selected?
3	Tomorrow I have to give a presentation at work and I just found out that the Vice President of the company is going to be there. [SEP] Oh boy I hope you get some sleep tonight! [SEP] It'll be hard now that I know that, but I'm going to try.  At least it'll push me to do my most impressive work.  I hope.  Its intimidating so I'm trying not to think ab out it too much.	It'll be hard now that I know that, but I'm going to try.  At least it'll push me to do my most impressive work.  I hope.  Its intimidating so I'm trying not to think ab out it too much.	you got it bro!
6	I ran into a snake in the yard the other day. [SEP] Oh god. How big was it? [SEP] Only about three feet long, but it did startle me.	Only about three feet long, but it did startle me.	Man, that's scary. Is it out now?
5	I had such a good moment yesterday...my son spoke his first word! [SEP] Oh. wow. Did you cry? [SEP] I cried so hard...can you believe that his first word was "sea cucumber"? Couldn't believe it!	I cried so hard...can you believe that his first word was "sea cucumber"? Couldn't believe it!	Your kid should be on America's got Talent! unless you're not in america.
1	We were going on a vacation for a week. I have five kids so I put out every single day of clothing in its own bag. I was very organized. 	We were going on a vacation for a week. I have five kids so I put out every single day of clothing in its own bag. I was very organized. 	You must be excited. packing can be hectic. thank god you are organized. 
4	it sucked i was heartbroken but i let her go	it sucked i was heartbroken but i let her go	... im sorry, how did it happen
7	I was able to make it through some hard times when my parents were able to lend me some money to finish college. [SEP] That was really nice of them and lucky they were able to help you. [SEP] Yes, it was. It was a life changer that got me on my feet so I could be able to enjoy life.	Yes, it was. It was a life changer that got me on my feet so I could be able to enjoy life.	Congratulations on graduating college and I wish you the very best.
7	I knew i would pass my math test that i studied for last week [SEP] It's a good feeling when you are successful after you have worked so hard.  [SEP] yea i was very happy with how i felt	yea i was very happy with how i felt	The way you felt should be motivation to keep up the good work.
6	I was nervous at first in the spelling bee...but ended up taking first place out of 100 plus kids	I was nervous at first in the spelling bee...but ended up taking first place out of 100 plus kids	WOW!  Congrats!  Was it hard contest?
4	My coworker recently got the big promotion I was working so hard towards.	My coworker recently got the big promotion I was working so hard towards.	Yikes.  I'm sorry to hear.  Will there be other chances available for promotion?
8	When I was jogging two days ago, I fell flat on my face after tripping over my feet. Someone saw me and I felt so stupid. I turned around, looked at them, and said, "You didn't see that," and then just kept on jogging. [SEP] Did you hurt yourself? [SEP] I have some scrapes on my hands where I landed. But mostly it was just my pride that was injured. I hope I never see that person around the neighborhood again...	I have some scrapes on my hands where I landed. But mostly it was just my pride that was injured. I hope I never see that person around the neighborhood again...	I am sure they have fallen before, no big deal.
4	At work, while standing up, my pants teared in the back. I didn't know what to do. [SEP] Oh no! That is so sad for you.  How embarrassing.  [SEP] It was embarring. Some coworker were watching me. I had to go to my manager to ask him if I could home.	It was embarring. Some coworker were watching me. I had to go to my manager to ask him if I could home.	how sad.  I am so sorry you had to deal with that.
7	I am excited for the new super smash bros game coming out for the switch soon [SEP] My boyfriend just bought a Nintendo Switch last week. It was expensive! [SEP] That is a great choice, I love mine so so much	That is a great choice, I love mine so so much	I will have to ask him about the Super Smash Bro's game. Most likely he's looking forward to it as well!
1	I am so lucky to have the things I have. My 10 bedroom house, my cars, my bus [SEP] Wow, it sounds like you have a lot to be grateful for. [SEP] Indeed.  Last week I got to go to Bora Bora too.  I am truly blessed.	Indeed.  Last week I got to go to Bora Bora too.  I am truly blessed.	I am so happy for you.
6	People actually eat pizza? [SEP] I love pizza!  What is you favorite type? [SEP] None of it! People need to stay away from that stuff.	None of it! People need to stay away from that stuff.	Why do you say that?  It can't be that bad for you, right?
5	Someone stole my dog from my house! [SEP] wth thats crazy [SEP] Yes, they came in and took her from me.	Yes, they came in and took her from me.	you should john wick them
1	I cant believe that I won $100 on a scratch off ticket. I think I am going to buy a new pair of shoes with it. I cant wait to go cash it in.	I cant believe that I won $100 on a scratch off ticket. I think I am going to buy a new pair of shoes with it. I cant wait to go cash it in.	$100! I have never won that much!
2	MY friend texted to come over the othe day and I lied and said I wasn't home. [SEP] Hope they don't find out.  Were you just tired or something else? [SEP] She wanted to bring her kids too and I just wasn't feeling it. I feel terrible. I like her kids [SEP] Well, next time try telling her the truth, like , I am too tired right now, can we do it another day. and that way you won't feel bad. [SEP] Yeah. That's what I should have done. [SEP] I'm sure she would understand if she is a good friend. [SEP] She is. I'm going to invite her over tomorrow and cook.	She is. I'm going to invite her over tomorrow and cook.	I bet it will be a good dinner, since there is some guilt involved. lol
2	So I had really good job interview. They just called to say they went with someone else. Im a little bummed about that. [SEP] That's a shame, do you have anything else lined up? [SEP] I do but I was really hoping I got that one.	I do but I was really hoping I got that one.	There'll probably be something else
0	Great day at the pool yesterday up until the point my shorts came off.	Great day at the pool yesterday up until the point my shorts came off.	I found a bunch of dead mice few days ago
6	I tell you. When I make spaghetti, it is AMAZING.	I tell you. When I make spaghetti, it is AMAZING.	Ha! At least you're confident in your skills. Do you do anything special to it?
5	I draw for about an hour almost every day, and I've been doing it for a long time. I only ever just wanted to be able to draw fun doodles, but the other day I looked and I actually feel good about my drawing skills, finally. [SEP] That's great. Practice makes perfect.    [SEP] It really does! It was miserable starting because you put so much effort into something you don't even like the end result of, but it's well worth it.	It really does! It was miserable starting because you put so much effort into something you don't even like the end result of, but it's well worth it.	Keep at it. Maybe one day you can start selling those drawings for money.
1	I really care for my girlfriend, she is so sweet [SEP] That's great. How long have you two been tegether? [SEP] about 3 years now!	about 3 years now!	Wow. That's a long time. Congrats!
1	I really appreciate all my friends I have.	I really appreciate all my friends I have.	Friends are so useful and nice to have on happy and sad days.
2	I am saving up my money to buy a home next year sometime. I think it can happen. [SEP] Are you excited? [SEP] I am so excited. I'm thinking of all the things I want to do to it and I don't even know what it looks like yet.	I am so excited. I'm thinking of all the things I want to do to it and I don't even know what it looks like yet.	I hope you do it!
8	how important is your work to you	how important is your work to you	I do love to work
4	I hate seeing my best friend depressed. I've seen them so happy in life but seeing them like this now makes me feel unhappy.	I hate seeing my best friend depressed. I've seen them so happy in life but seeing them like this now makes me feel unhappy.	I'm sorry to hear that. Have you tried to cheer them up?
5	I finally got a nice haircut and shaved my shaggy beard!  [SEP] Nice! Well done. What is the occasion? [SEP] I have a date with pretty girl. I feel really confident that we'll have a fun time!	I have a date with pretty girl. I feel really confident that we'll have a fun time!	Does she know you are going to be better groomed though? Maybe she liked that shagginess!
3	I was irritated last week. My landlord seemed to avoid me [SEP] Really? Why is that? [SEP] They are not good at their jobs I guess	They are not good at their jobs I guess	Wow... I kinda hope they get fired. Why did you need to talk to the landlord?
6	My nephew started the 10th grade this week	My nephew started the 10th grade this week	How exciting. Kid's grow up to fast.
4	I wanted to go to a writing conference. It is a huge and allows you to meet so many people. Unfortunately, something else came up and I had to cancel. I felt so bad that I wouldn't be able to go.  [SEP] I am so sorry that you couldnt go as I can see this was so important to you.  Why did you have to cancel?  Must have been something important come up! [SEP] We thought we were going to have to move at the exact same time. It turns out we didn't move after all! But it still would've been hard because it was so expensive. 	We thought we were going to have to move at the exact same time. It turns out we didn't move after all! But it still would've been hard because it was so expensive. 	Im sorry you that happend to you.  DO you write books?
2	I cry every time I think of my grandmother. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. Why do you think that is? Is it a painful or happy memory? [SEP] I am just sad she isn't alive anymore.	I am just sad she isn't alive anymore.	I can understand that. That does sound like a difficult thing to deal with. Hopefully you have a lot of nice memories you can look back on to remember her by.
8	My friend is getting a new truck that I kind of wanted. Its making me feel envious	My friend is getting a new truck that I kind of wanted. Its making me feel envious	Right, sometimes I feel the same way when I feel like I should have something, but then I realize I would get bored from it after a while like everything
0	Before I met my girlfriend and friends, I felt very alone, it was a dark time [SEP] Are you happy now? [SEP] I think so, I owuld like a better job but that is it	I think so, I owuld like a better job but that is it	Well that's good. IT will come it you work for it.
8	I can't believe someone hit my car and took off! Some people have no morals. [SEP] uh I've heard way too many people experience that. Why don't people just not hit you in the first place, if they don't want to take responsibility? [SEP] Exactly... It's really not hard to back out of a parking spot to leave.	Exactly... It's really not hard to back out of a parking spot to leave.	I really wish those people who get fined just like those traffic cameras that send you tickets in the mail for speeding. It would really reduce hit and runs.
3	My dog took a big, fat, juicy poop on the carpet last night. [SEP] oh wow. did you clean it up [SEP] I did! I was so mad at her that I made her stay in her room the rest of the night.	I did! I was so mad at her that I made her stay in her room the rest of the night.	wow that stinks
3	Last week I was so upset when my dog jumped up on the table and started eating my child's birthday cake! I really yelled at the mutt!	Last week I was so upset when my dog jumped up on the table and started eating my child's birthday cake! I really yelled at the mutt!	Oh no, I hope your kid wasn't too upset. Maybe need to lock the dog in another room when food is out.
6	So, I am embarrassed to say, but my daughter got in a ton of trouble the other day.	So, I am embarrassed to say, but my daughter got in a ton of trouble the other day.	Oh no! Kids do that sometimes. What happened?
6	I am so looking forward to the next Avatar sequel. It seems like I have been waiting forever. I am growing impatient.	I am so looking forward to the next Avatar sequel. It seems like I have been waiting forever. I am growing impatient.	Avatar the Airbender or James Cameroons Avatar?
4	My turtle that I had for 30 years ran away yesterday. [SEP] Wow, that's unfortunate. People don't realize that can happen but it happened to my friend when we were little. [SEP] Yeah, I think it's just because I'm so fat that I couldn't chase the little runt. He was so much faster than me. I was so disheartened and out of breath.	Yeah, I think it's just because I'm so fat that I couldn't chase the little runt. He was so much faster than me. I was so disheartened and out of breath.	Sorry to hear that, recovering from any pet lose is hard.
7	I  provide for a family of 8. It's tiring but rewarding [SEP] Wow! The struggle is real. I hope you're not too tired and stressed. I wish you luck for being so selfless!  [SEP] I love my wife alot, we had a set of twin 3 times in a row so the children are 6 plus myself and her all 8 [SEP] Do twins run in your family or are you just lucky? I mean that seriously, not sarcastically  [SEP] I got lucky :) 	I got lucky :) 	That's awesome! You won the kiddo lottery! I wish you all the best of health and happiness!!! 
4	I was upset when my parents told me we would be moving, we went all the way to florida	I was upset when my parents told me we would be moving, we went all the way to florida	Oh sorry to hear that.. Don't you like florida?
0	I know I can power through work today!  [SEP] Why do you say that? [SEP] I am exhausted and feel mentally worn out too but I love making money for my future!	I am exhausted and feel mentally worn out too but I love making money for my future!	That is so true. I feel the same way. It's just nice to know that you work hard for your money.
0	I love the new Tesla. [SEP] I love it too! It's really fancy. [SEP] I took it for a test drive, man it is fast.	I took it for a test drive, man it is fast.	I know right! It's weird how it's faster than a gasoline car.
0	My nephew starts football this year in 9th grade [SEP] IS he any good [SEP] Yeah he was pretty good last year.  Biggest kid on the team so they made him a center.  Interested to see how he does this year.  I bet he does great!	Yeah he was pretty good last year.  Biggest kid on the team so they made him a center.  Interested to see how he does this year.  I bet he does great!	My son is too small now. We tried the community league last year
5	i really miss my family. we are 800 miles away from each other. [SEP] Did you make any plans to go and visit them? [SEP] i try to go once a year but money is tight right now.	i try to go once a year but money is tight right now.	Maybe you will be able to make some extra money!
7	I love watching movies from when I was a kid [SEP] Same here. I can sometimes remember where I was the first time Ive seen some to. [SEP] My kids think those movies arent as good as the one from today	My kids think those movies arent as good as the one from today	Some have aged really well though.
5	Yesterday I did something at work that I am not too proud of. I went in my coworkers desk and took some supplies. Now, it is eating me up inside.	Yesterday I did something at work that I am not too proud of. I went in my coworkers desk and took some supplies. Now, it is eating me up inside.	I bet you felt guilty about it afterwards. Just let them know you needed it really bad at the moment and maybe return it?
1	I came home from vacation and realized food in my fridge was rotting! [SEP] Ugh hate when that happens...do you live alone or with roommates [SEP] Yea it was disgusting. I live with a roommate and he had forgotten to empty the fridge before leaving for his own vacation.	Yea it was disgusting. I live with a roommate and he had forgotten to empty the fridge before leaving for his own vacation.	Man I woulda smacked him on the head...lol rotting food/dirty dishes are the worst
0	My parents reminded me of this time from when I was younger and got sent to the principals office [SEP] Lol are they still holdig that against you? [SEP] No, they thought it was funny.  I got caught cheating on a test.  I wasn't really good at it and everyone found out.  It was quite an ordeal	No, they thought it was funny.  I got caught cheating on a test.  I wasn't really good at it and everyone found out.  It was quite an ordeal	Lol. We all cheated at some point.  They know that.
8	So when I was in grade 12, my friends and I competed in school math contest. I still was not feeling so confident because I was having a hard time fitting in the school. But that day I solved 4 out of 5 questions given during the contest and my team won. And from that day on until I finished the school I felt a little more recognized and quite a bit more confident.  [SEP] That's awesome! You must have felt so proud of your achievements. [SEP] Yes I did! 	Yes I did! 	That's good. I was never very good at math in school.
6	I ate my boyfriend's birthday cake when he was at work	I ate my boyfriend's birthday cake when he was at work	Oh no! before he got to have it?
7	I am thinking the Eagles can repeat this year, I hope so! [SEP] Careful. Lightning never strikes twice. [SEP] I am hoping this is an exception	I am hoping this is an exception	In any case, good luck!
7	The new movie theater is opening soon. [SEP] That sounds fun to go to. [SEP] I can't wait to go there!	I can't wait to go there!	I love going to the movies and getting food!
7	I have never cheated on a person I have been in a relationship with. [SEP] Did you ever get cheated on? [SEP] No thankfully, I feel that would be wrong to do	No thankfully, I feel that would be wrong to do	Well that is good for you then!
7	The adoption people called me about the dog we applied for. Think we're getting him! [SEP] What dog breed is it? [SEP] It's a jack russell!	It's a jack russell!	Oh wow, that is an energetic dog, good luck!
4	My dog ate the steak I had cooked for my date.  [SEP] Oh no! Was the date still good? [SEP] Yea but I was angry the whole time because I had to order Dominos last minute to make up for my dog's... indulgence. 	Yea but I was angry the whole time because I had to order Dominos last minute to make up for my dog's... indulgence. 	Lol at least Dominos is good!
8	I went skydiving a few years ago. It was a rush! [SEP] skydiving is insane to me, how did it go? what reminded you of it? [SEP] It went really well! I really want to do it again. I went tandem with the instructor and really had to have faith he knew what he was doing!	It went really well! I really want to do it again. I went tandem with the instructor and really had to have faith he knew what he was doing!	it's always good to have a professional help with this kind of things, glad you had fun!
3	I visited the apartment my grandparents used to live in. It brought back a lot of old memories. 	I visited the apartment my grandparents used to live in. It brought back a lot of old memories. 	Hopefully it brought back good ones. Were you close to them?
3	After a long, hard week at work, I am headed to the campground this week to disconnect.	After a long, hard week at work, I am headed to the campground this week to disconnect.	its always good to get away and reset
3	No one will watch my Youtube videos and it's frustrating. [SEP] Have you tried sharing it to your friends on social media? [SEP] I have but no bites. I don't get why people won't give me a chance.	I have but no bites. I don't get why people won't give me a chance.	Just keep cranking them out. YOur videos will get better and your channel will grow. I know it can be annoying at first.
8	I think the braves have a good shot at the world series this year!	I think the braves have a good shot at the world series this year!	O really i though the Rangers were on top
8	My dog didn't make it outside today and pooped right in my living room floor [SEP] I am sorry to hear that. [SEP] I am too because I stepped in it and tracked it all across the house! Now I have to clean it all up!	I am too because I stepped in it and tracked it all across the house! Now I have to clean it all up!	You should hire someone to do that.
8	I really like to learn and I'm so ready to go back to school. I can't wait for classes to start! [SEP] Congratulations! What are you studying? [SEP] Physics. I'm in my senior year so I can really explore the complicated subjects now. 	Physics. I'm in my senior year so I can really explore the complicated subjects now. 	Wow, that subject was always tough for me in school. Good for you!
2	My wife got a promotion yesterday! [SEP] That's awesome. [SEP] I know, I couldn't be more happy for her. She put a lot of work into her job	I know, I couldn't be more happy for her. She put a lot of work into her job	That's great. I hope she likes the new position.
3	I had to have a scheduled c-section with my 2nd child.  But it didn't exactly go as planned.	I had to have a scheduled c-section with my 2nd child.  But it didn't exactly go as planned.	Oh no! I hope it at least turned out ok
4	so i did not get the promotion at work. they selected Steve to get it	so i did not get the promotion at work. they selected Steve to get it	I'm so sorry to hear that. You must be disappointed.
3	I was really mad with my housemate last night. She got in really late and made loads of noise [SEP] Oh that can be annoying! I guess in her defence it was a Saturday night? But still, it doesn't take much effort to try to keep the noise down even if you do get in late! I hope you were able to sleep okay.  [SEP] Yeah I agree, we both work shifts though so sometimes I have to work all of Saturday day and I always make sure to keep the noise down if she's had to work a Saturday. Thank you.	Yeah I agree, we both work shifts though so sometimes I have to work all of Saturday day and I always make sure to keep the noise down if she's had to work a Saturday. Thank you.	Yeah, like you suggest, it is the little considerations of the other person's needs that can make the difference between an okay and a really good flatmate.
0	I felt like this weekend was fine to me. I got to relax	I felt like this weekend was fine to me. I got to relax	That's a good thing. A lot of people usually have to work on their weekends off instead of relaxing.
0	I was walking in an outdoor mall area last weekend and tripped in front of a bunch of people. I didn't hurt anything, but I was definitely red in the face. [SEP] Oh, it happens to the best of us. I have done the same a gazillion times! It doesn't get any better or funnier, lol. [SEP] Yeah!  I feel you.  It hurt my pride more than anything!	Yeah!  I feel you.  It hurt my pride more than anything!	Oh well, just know that everybody in the world has fallen a few times. The most important thing is you just get up and keeping walking. :)
2	My new laptop is being delivered Monday [SEP] Nice. Are you excited? [SEP] I am so excited. I got exactly what I wanted,	I am so excited. I got exactly what I wanted,	I hope it's what you expected to be!
2	I met my daughter;s teacher tody. [SEP] Did you like them okay? [SEP] I do. I think she got the best one. She is only in Kindergarten .	I do. I think she got the best one. She is only in Kindergarten .	I'm sure she'll have a fun year.
6	Do you ever get really emotional about people and things youve never met? [SEP] I certainly do.  I think it shows you care and have compassion for their situations.  So many people lose that compassion and even practice indifference. How about you? [SEP] I got really upset when I watched the finale of the office.  I felt like I was part of their team and when the whole thing was over I cried a little.  It was like I was losing some friends.	I got really upset when I watched the finale of the office.  I felt like I was part of their team and when the whole thing was over I cried a little.  It was like I was losing some friends.	I can understand that.  I mean, you're with them as you watch everything they go through and you start to really like them.  When it ends its like, was this not real?  I hate coming to the end of shows that run for a long time.  So sad.
4	My friend got the job promotion I was supposed to get.	My friend got the job promotion I was supposed to get.	oh damn, that sucks so much, i am sorry, but if he is your good friend you should be happy for him, maybe something better awaits you
6	I haven't had fries in over a year. Finally got some today. [SEP] Oh! I hear you, I love them but I get sick when I eat them. Did you do okay? [SEP] Yea, I do okay, but it does make me sleepy.	Yea, I do okay, but it does make me sleepy.	That's unusual. Are you allergic to something they are fried in or just potatoes in general? I have digestive issues so I get tired too when I eat junk food
0	I'm looking forward to my finances getting better next year. [SEP] Will they be improving by alot? [SEP] It should be about a 20-25% increase.	It should be about a 20-25% increase.	Wow, that's a whole bunch right there. Congrats!
3	I forgot to sign my daughters tuition check.  [SEP] oh how did you miss that? [SEP] I don't know. They were going to send her home on the first day. I dont know why they still want written checks any way	I don't know. They were going to send her home on the first day. I dont know why they still want written checks any way	ah thats so bad!!. You are right in this age we need to get rid of this written checks
0	sometimes i trust my relatives a little too much when i shouldnt [SEP] Why? What happened? [SEP] left my dog with a relative and they didnt lock the gate and he got out and ran away	left my dog with a relative and they didnt lock the gate and he got out and ran away	Oh my goodness, that's terrible.
8	One of my friends was telling me to not include my best friend in a movie night. I told her if I couldn't invite her then I wasn't going to go either. [SEP] You are a good friend. [SEP] I can't stand when people do that without good reason.  I try to be because people deserve that.	I can't stand when people do that without good reason.  I try to be because people deserve that.	yes they deserve respect unless they do soemthing cruel.
0	I had a tire low on air but, a co-worker of mine had an air compressor in his car he let me use [SEP] That is good that he had an air compressor. Low tires seem to be the story of my life. I seem to always have to be airing up a tire. [SEP] I need to get one for myself.	I need to get one for myself.	They are very handy to have. We got a box that airs up tires and has jumper cables also.
5	i am so scared... what if ... [SEP] What if what?  What has you so fearful? [SEP] my own abilities, i am so smart, i am scared of what i may become 	my own abilities, i am so smart, i am scared of what i may become 	Maybe a career in astro-physics is in your future?
2	It was my birthday and my friends sent me birthday cards in the mail. I received all of them but not the one who contained a gift card. i'm so angry about it [SEP] Ugh, oh no.... is there someway you can have the person who sent it call the gift card to see what can be done?  [SEP] I don't want to bother her about it. but i did call usps and they will investigate it	I don't want to bother her about it. but i did call usps and they will investigate it	True true, well im glad they are looking into it for you. I hope they find it! 
8	I feel bad for skipping church last week, My brother really wanted me to go with him	I feel bad for skipping church last week, My brother really wanted me to go with him	i have never been to church , but i understand where your coming from
6	I hope the new super smash bros will be really good!	I hope the new super smash bros will be really good!	oh yea its out in december right ?
3	I'm getting pretty nervous about this bad storm headed for the city tonight. [SEP] Can you go to a shelter? [SEP] We have a basement, so I'll go there. I'm just worried it's going to do damage to our house. We have big trees in our yard.	We have a basement, so I'll go there. I'm just worried it's going to do damage to our house. We have big trees in our yard.	Stay away from the windows just in case.
8	i was truly a party faithful,had work rigorously for the election my party won [SEP] Amazing! I'm so proud of you for your dedication!  [SEP] You can say that again! but the irony of it was that all the appointments i was promised never came through	You can say that again! but the irony of it was that all the appointments i was promised never came through	Oh dang! That's always the worst isn't it
3	cant wait for the nfl season to start back up soon [SEP] Same here. Sundays are so much better with NFL. [SEP] and it feels like the holidays are approaching as well	and it feels like the holidays are approaching as well	And this heat can go away too.
5	I used my friend's car without permission.	I used my friend's car without permission.	It is unacceptable for a friendship. I think you should not behave in such a way ever again
1	My cat came into my life just as my dog was declining in health	My cat came into my life just as my dog was declining in health	That sounds very fortunate. Good timing.
2	I lost my job and my wife is a stay at home mom. I don't know how to pay for rent, i'm so stressed [SEP] oh no. o'm sorry to here that. [SEP] thank you. I had an interview today so i hope i will get that job	thank you. I had an interview today so i hope i will get that job	I hope you do too. It will work out in the end.
6	My mom had to put our family dog to sleep last week. [SEP] Oh, that is so tough. I am sorry. Are you all right? [SEP] It's so hard because we have had her since I was in 1st grade. She was so old and sick.	It's so hard because we have had her since I was in 1st grade. She was so old and sick.	That's where you really do have to make the decision for the animal, not us -- that doesn't make it easier when it happens. Do you have other pets?
2	My friends have been practicing for weeks. I think they'll do well at the volleyball match [SEP] Are they usually a winning team? [SEP] It'll be their first match.	It'll be their first match.	Oh wow,  I hope they do well.  
7	I just had a job interview and I think I nailed it. I left there feeling very confident. [SEP] That is good, that is a situation where confidence is very helpful. [SEP] I can't wait to hear back from them. I am ready for a new opportunity.	I can't wait to hear back from them. I am ready for a new opportunity.	Best of luck to you, I'm sure they saw your excitement and confidence and employers love that.
1	I was woken up by a noise and it sounded like someone was coming toward my bedroom.  [SEP] Oh scary! What happened? [SEP] I woke my boyfriend up and he secured the house. We think it was the cat. lol	I woke my boyfriend up and he secured the house. We think it was the cat. lol	Pesky kitties! 
5	I've asked my roommate to keep the smell contained but it still smells strong as we have a smaller 3 bedroom house. Part of the problems is his bed linen and clothes are always dirty. [SEP] Have you talked to him about being a bit cleaner in general? [SEP] Good point and yes we both have asked him to tidy his room up some to help with the bad smells. He works in a deli and does nothing when he gets home, so talking to him did not work even though he agreed to try.	Good point and yes we both have asked him to tidy his room up some to help with the bad smells. He works in a deli and does nothing when he gets home, so talking to him did not work even though he agreed to try.	Ah that's a tough situation. Maybe some subtle hints would work best, like leaving a deodorizer near his room.
7	I am so happy. I made an A in all three of my summer classes. I have never done that before. [SEP] hard work pays of [SEP] I couldnt believe what I was capable of. I plan on doing it again this semester.	I couldnt believe what I was capable of. I plan on doing it again this semester.	keep up the good work!
7	My dad was recently diagnosed with diabetes. I'm really worried what this will mean for his health going forward. He's in his mid-60's and I want him to live as long as possible, but this obviously gets in the way of that. [SEP] My dad has diabetes too but he was born with it. I heard veggies help a lot. [SEP] Yeah, my dad has never been a veggies guy. Always sneaking too many desserts. He had a stroke earlier on in his life, too, which has always hampered him, and I think the medications for his heart condition led to the development of the diabetes. I feel sad for him.	Yeah, my dad has never been a veggies guy. Always sneaking too many desserts. He had a stroke earlier on in his life, too, which has always hampered him, and I think the medications for his heart condition led to the development of the diabetes. I feel sad for him.	Sounds like a very stressful time for you. I hope everything turns out well and wish you the best of luck
7	I know that I will pass my driving test next week. [SEP] I hope so! I hate driving but good luck. [SEP] I have practiced everyday in the parking lot by my house. I know all the rules of the road.	I have practiced everyday in the parking lot by my house. I know all the rules of the road.	Good, that's really important thing.
8	i stole some money from my brother and he realized it was gone, but i haven't said anything. I think I should	i stole some money from my brother and he realized it was gone, but i haven't said anything. I think I should	Yeah it might be a good idea to tell him. But you may want to have the money to give back to him first. 
5	i lost my job today. was not my fault we got robbed [SEP] Oh no I am so sorry! I bet that must have been scary too [SEP] yes they took the money, but boss says its my fault they took it	yes they took the money, but boss says its my fault they took it	wow they should care more that youre safe!
7	There's a new hotel that's been headhunting me to work for them, but I think I'll stay at the one I'm at now. They've been good to me. [SEP] I'd probably stay loyal too, after weighing the pros and cons, making a list for myself. [SEP] Yea. It's a tough choice, but I'm happy where I am.	Yea. It's a tough choice, but I'm happy where I am.	good for you, wish i could say the same for myself. I'm not unhappy, just got more work to do.
5	I lost my favorite jacket and I can't find it	I lost my favorite jacket and I can't find it	did you try redoing your steps of the last day? to see maybe you left it at a friends house
3	I am so hype for the new super smash bros	I am so hype for the new super smash bros	MY little cousins are too. They love that game
7	About 10 years ago my boss fired me out of nowhere. I was sick of making money for other people so I started my own business.  [SEP] Wow, I'm sorry about getting fired, but it sounds like you've got guts! How do you like the business? [SEP] I love set my own hours, do lots of different things, and make about the same I was making. 	I love set my own hours, do lots of different things, and make about the same I was making. 	Oh that is so great. So many people fantasize about doing that.  Congratulations!
5	A man keeps asking me out on a date, not understanding that I would never cheat on my husband.	A man keeps asking me out on a date, not understanding that I would never cheat on my husband.	Ugh! What a dunce! Maybe your husband should tell him. Have you told him strongly? Like..stay away from me creep?
6	So i was taking a friend home from work one day and it started to rain as we got to his place. Like a down pour.	So i was taking a friend home from work one day and it started to rain as we got to his place. Like a down pour.	Did he get soaked?
8	When I got married I had to board my dog at the vet, I felt so awful about it! [SEP] really? [SEP] Yes, I was afraid he would miss me. I just felt so bad being away from him.	Yes, I was afraid he would miss me. I just felt so bad being away from him.	pets are good as they keep company
4	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	I'm sorry to hear that. Why don't you join some groups so you can meet some new people. 
5	I think I'm catching a cold, I hope it's nothing serious.	I think I'm catching a cold, I hope it's nothing serious.	Oh my, I think you should stock up on Vitamin C and hydrate yourself just in case.
1	I am waiting intensely for a call back for a new job! I figure I have it! [SEP] Oh that is awesome! Im sure you do! Waiting for that can really feel like forever when its only been a few minutes! [SEP] Yeah, it is definitely building up!  I can't wait!	Yeah, it is definitely building up!  I can't wait!	Its good that you are excited! Im sure you will be a great asset for them!
6	I cant believe my neighbor. He is not even working and bought a brand new car	I cant believe my neighbor. He is not even working and bought a brand new car	What kind of car?
4	Today wasnt a good day [SEP] Why was it not a good day? What happened? [SEP] The doctor recommended hospice for my grandad today	The doctor recommended hospice for my grandad today	Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that.  My father in law had to have hospice and although it's not what you want to hear, the people that work with hospice are really a lifeline for the family.
5	As soon as my husband gets home from work, I have to leave to go to work. [SEP] That really stinks. Maybe  you both can take some time off of work and be together? [SEP] Well, lately he has been taking his time getting home and it's making me late!	Well, lately he has been taking his time getting home and it's making me late!	Well you should sit down with him and have a talk with him about it. 
4	I was heartbroken when my grandma passed away, I was not equipped to handle that	I was heartbroken when my grandma passed away, I was not equipped to handle that	sorry to hear that
1	I am  the  best  because I was the first in my class	I am  the  best  because I was the first in my class	Cool.  guess now you can be president.
0	I was feeling ill most of the month and discovered I am pregnant! [SEP] Are you excited? [SEP] After the shock, I am very excited!  Its my third child and well, I guess you never feel financially prepared for a child.  I love babies though!	After the shock, I am very excited!  Its my third child and well, I guess you never feel financially prepared for a child.  I love babies though!	me too. I have three kids too
5	My current employer is having big financials problem. I am afraid that the company will go into bankruptcy.	My current employer is having big financials problem. I am afraid that the company will go into bankruptcy.	That sounds really frustrating to deal with. You sound like you're self-aware and anticipating the problem, though. Perhaps you've already started preparing to look elsewhere?
6	I was nervous when it stormed over the weekend. It was raining hard	I was nervous when it stormed over the weekend. It was raining hard	I would have been too we get them bad here. Are you in the south? 
2	Ive been doing really well at work lately. I am due for my yearly evaluation and I think I will get that promotion I wanted.	Ive been doing really well at work lately. I am due for my yearly evaluation and I think I will get that promotion I wanted.	Sounds like youre feeling pretty confident. I hope you get the promotion!
1	I knew it was going to be sunny today. I had a good feeling [SEP] A good feeling about the weather? [SEP] I did have that, and I was right	I did have that, and I was right	Oh how neat!  I guess you must have sensed it!
1	I wouldn't mind my 3 year sleeping in my bed some nights [SEP] thats good,  I think all children need that.  I did when I was a child! [SEP] He like to climb all over me in my sleep though That is no good.	He like to climb all over me in my sleep though That is no good.	Haha! that is no good you must have gotten no sleep.
1	I was walking and leaned down and ripped my pants [SEP] Wow did anyone see? [SEP] im not sure i think these guys did	im not sure i think these guys did	Dang, it must have been embarrassing 
6	been  a long week finally a day off i feel so happy ...... and just like that my sisters asking me to take her to the mall lol , o well	been  a long week finally a day off i feel so happy ...... and just like that my sisters asking me to take her to the mall lol , o well	No rest for the weary I guess, huh?
0	My dog pooed all over the floor.	My dog pooed all over the floor.	Ugh, I absolutely hate it when that happens!  
4	I wish my grandma was still alive. [SEP] Awwww  i can relate to that.  I am so sorry. [SEP] Yes, she died of lung cancer.	Yes, she died of lung cancer.	I am very sorry to hear that
3	oh boy....I just screwed my whole life up and I want to die	oh boy....I just screwed my whole life up and I want to die	That's terrible. Hopefully things right themselves for you soon.
6	Last week I put in a bid to purchase my first home!	Last week I put in a bid to purchase my first home!	That's amazing!  Did you get i?
4	I always try to be ready for things when I travel. [SEP] Me too. I plan like 10 years ahead of time. How far in advance do you plan?  [SEP] As far as I can. I sometimes don't know that far ahead though.	As far as I can. I sometimes don't know that far ahead though.	Better safe than sorry 
0	I recently had an experience that I need to get off my chest.	I recently had an experience that I need to get off my chest.	go on! tell me about it, let's hear it
6	i feel kinda bad [SEP] Oh I'm sorry to hear that, why's that? :( [SEP] i drink the last can on my wifes fav soda 	i drink the last can on my wifes fav soda 	Can you go to the store and get some more before she notices? 
0	So my husband left yesterday on a work trip, and I miss him a lot more than I thought I would. [SEP] Where did he go? Is he calling you? [SEP] He will when he gets time I think. I thought I'd enjoy the time alone, but I'm just lonely.	He will when he gets time I think. I thought I'd enjoy the time alone, but I'm just lonely.	I understand.
3	One time I had a flat tire and my dad came to help me fix it. [SEP] Oh no! Glad your dad was able to help. How did it happen? [SEP] I ran over a nail in the road.  Now I know not to drive near new houses.	I ran over a nail in the road.  Now I know not to drive near new houses.	That's some bad luck. I hope it wasn't too much of a hassle.
4	We had a house fire last year that destroyed everything , it was very tough on my family	We had a house fire last year that destroyed everything , it was very tough on my family	I am so sorry to hear that, it must have been heartbreaking. How did your family cope?
0	I found an old shirt of my dad's in a box that I had stored for years.  It really brought back some good memories.	I found an old shirt of my dad's in a box that I had stored for years.  It really brought back some good memories.	Something dear and sentimental you should wear it sometimes on special occasions. 
4	My roommate moved out, it is just me now living at the house. [SEP] Oh, what caused them to move out?  Is that a good thing or a bad thing? [SEP] He got a new job that was in a different city. It isn't good or bad.	He got a new job that was in a different city. It isn't good or bad.	I see. I'm sorry you're home alone.  I get lonely myself when you're used to someone around.  Are you going to advertise for a new roommate?
3	My dad knew I was having some financial difficulties and decided to pay off my car loan! I am so appreciative to him! [SEP] Wow, that was super nice of him. You are lucky to have such a great dad. [SEP] I really am!  I will do whatever I can to repay the kindness!	I really am!  I will do whatever I can to repay the kindness!	That is a really great thing to hear. I hope you can find some way to pay back his kindness.
7	Ive been working very hard at work to get a promotion and I finally got it!  [SEP] How big of an advance was it? [SEP] Decent! Manager position and I am pleased with it for sure! 	Decent! Manager position and I am pleased with it for sure! 	Awesome, that is great, congratulations!
8	I am in the best of moods... I am going on vacation tomorrow! [SEP] I bet! Where are you going on vacation? [SEP] Hawaii!  I have been saving forever! [SEP] Wow! Hawaii sounds like a great place to vacay.  I have never been there, have you? [SEP] Nope.. thats why I am so excited.  With the volcano stuff and all it has been sorta grim, but I can still make the best of it.	Nope.. thats why I am so excited.  With the volcano stuff and all it has been sorta grim, but I can still make the best of it.	Oh yeah, I didn't even think about that.  It was terrifying to watch on tv.  I hope you are staying somewhere safe.
2	My girlfriend cooked for me all week while I was sick, although she had to work and go to school. [SEP] Wow, that's pretty nice of her. I wish my girlfriend would cook for me! [SEP] She's a true sweetheart. I'm sure your girlfriend does other things for ya!	She's a true sweetheart. I'm sure your girlfriend does other things for ya!	Yes she certainly does! I guess she makes up for it in other ways!
2	I didn't got accepted in the college I applied to [SEP] Oh I'm sorry. That must suck. Any second choice? [SEP] Yes, but I haven't received a letter from them yet	Yes, but I haven't received a letter from them yet	I'm sure you'll get in
8	Back in senior year my brother moved out and my mom started to work a lot more. [SEP] Did you start to feel a bit lonely? [SEP] Without a doubt. I was the only one in the house half the time.	Without a doubt. I was the only one in the house half the time.	That's tough, but it helps you learn what you like to do on your own.
5	Sounds great. I haven't been anywhere this year and probably won't . Had a lot of expenses lately.	Sounds great. I haven't been anywhere this year and probably won't . Had a lot of expenses lately.	That happens sometimes. Maybe next year.
1	I am so happy for my daughter.  [SEP] I am happy to hear that! Any specific reasons? [SEP] She got accepted at Harvard. I am so proud of her her.	She got accepted at Harvard. I am so proud of her her.	Wow that is a huge achievement! Any parent would be proud.
3	My sister had a miscarriage :( [SEP] Oh no. I'm so sorry. [SEP] Yeah, it sucks.  They've been trying for years.	Yeah, it sucks.  They've been trying for years.	I hope time will heal, and they don't lose hope.
1	I got a hamburger earlier and they forgot to put cheese on it. [SEP] i hate when they forget the cheese [SEP] I was so upset about it!	I was so upset about it!	i would have been too.. i love my cheese burgers
7	I was at a hockey game and bought a ticket on a draw for a new car.  [SEP] How'd it go? [SEP] Well, I'm hopeful although statistics are definitely not on my side. I have a 1 in a 10,000 chance to win!	Well, I'm hopeful although statistics are definitely not on my side. I have a 1 in a 10,000 chance to win!	I wish you luck anyway!
8	A lady left her young kid in the car yesterday alone in front of the gas station. I would have video taped it but my mom told me after she left. Anything could've happened..and too boot- we are in the ghetto.	A lady left her young kid in the car yesterday alone in front of the gas station. I would have video taped it but my mom told me after she left. Anything could've happened..and too boot- we are in the ghetto.	Some people are just so careless... I am sure your mom was keeping a good eye on the child. shame on the parent tho. 
7	I keep my kids picture on all of my screensavers [SEP] That's nice :)  I do that with pictures of my wife. [SEP] They keep my motivated	They keep my motivated	I hear you.  The best motivation is family.
0	Years ago me and my best friend got into a bad argument and I felt terrible later because I realized it was my fault [SEP] Oh I know that feeling actually... Did you ever make up with your friend? [SEP] Yes, it took awhile, a couple months I think it was but we are closer now	Yes, it took awhile, a couple months I think it was but we are closer now	That's good to hear. It's all water under the bridge now, as they say.
4	My neighbor keeps making noise at 2 in the morning.	My neighbor keeps making noise at 2 in the morning.	I'm so sorry! Have you complained at all?
2	I got a makeover and bought fashionable clothes for the date	I got a makeover and bought fashionable clothes for the date	Oh that sound like a lot of fun!! Hope your date ended up being worth all that work.
0	i have a coworker that comes into work late every day and takes way too many breaks [SEP] How frusterating! Have you brought it up to management [SEP] i have told my supervisor countless times and she fails to address the problem [SEP] I can tell the frusteration in your tone. I would go above your supervisor since nothing has been done. Otherwise you will stay frustrated and angry.  [SEP] it won't help anything because management is so nonchalant about discplinary action at my job [SEP] Wow! I dont know what else you can do. Your at a dead end right now. How annoying! [SEP] i need my job so i can't just quit	i need my job so i can't just quit	I know how you feel. I would be furuious. 
2	I applied for a job last week [SEP] How did that go then? [SEP] seemed ok, hoping they call me back	seemed ok, hoping they call me back	I'd hope so too!
1	my mother worked alot as a kid, i had some pretty cool babysitters though.	my mother worked alot as a kid, i had some pretty cool babysitters though.	Well thats a positive spin
0	I think I have some pretty decent kids. May be too soon to tell though. [SEP] Oh, all kids are a little iffy, I think. Are you a teacher or do you mean your own children? [SEP] My oldest is 13. She is the worst. But my 2 and 3 year old are perfect lol	My oldest is 13. She is the worst. But my 2 and 3 year old are perfect lol	Teenagers are awful! I am really looking forward to my daughter becoming a teenager....not.
0	MY kids are gonna take care of me when I get older. I just know it [SEP] That is a great thought! What makes you so sure? [SEP] I'm just wishing they would. I do a lot for them and I hope they appreciate it lol	I'm just wishing they would. I do a lot for them and I hope they appreciate it lol	I completely know the feeling. My kids are teenagers and I threaten them every day that I will move in with them when I am old and grey lol.
2	i'm so worried about my appointment on thursday. [SEP] Oh no I hope everything goes well! [SEP] i hope so too. i'm really worried about the results of the test i'm getting done.	i hope so too. i'm really worried about the results of the test i'm getting done.	Well I hope that it all goes your way!
1	I graudated with a mechanical engineering degree in may.	I graudated with a mechanical engineering degree in may.	oh thats sweet. congrats
0	I went to go get a snack from the kitchen. I looked all over but they were all gone. The kids ate them all.	I went to go get a snack from the kitchen. I looked all over but they were all gone. The kids ate them all.	Oh, that is irritating sometime! That happens to me sometimes
8	i tripped in public the other day which sucked [SEP] that sucks, yeah.. did you hurt yourself/ [SEP] no but i was quite ashamed to do that in front of so many people	no but i was quite ashamed to do that in front of so many people	Well, true.. but it happens to the best of us, dont worry buddy
6	I can't wait to get paid on Friday!	I can't wait to get paid on Friday!	payday is the best day! What are you doing to do?
3	Kind of bummed now since I was supposed to meet my best friend later tonight, but he got stuck at work suddenly.	Kind of bummed now since I was supposed to meet my best friend later tonight, but he got stuck at work suddenly.	oh wow, that does suck! Hopefully you can push it to another day this week.
1	My son got straight A's in his summer class. I'm very happy about that.	My son got straight A's in his summer class. I'm very happy about that.	That's great. Summer classes can be tough. Because its summer
0	Are you married? Have you ever had the chance to feel that type of love. [SEP] No unfortunately. Have you? [SEP] oh wow, I hope someday you get to.	oh wow, I hope someday you get to.	I agree, but I also enjoy my independence. 
3	So my father cheated on my mom once. [SEP] That's horrible. Did they divorce? [SEP] No they figured there problems out. But i was really annoyed at him for it. 	No they figured there problems out. But i was really annoyed at him for it. 	Of course! betrayal is horrifying to go through. I hope he became a better man for it?
5	I remember eating Cracker Jacks as a kid. [SEP] Oh man, I forgot about Cracker Jacks.  I always looked for the prize [SEP] I know right!  Those were the good old days.	I know right!  Those were the good old days.	It always makes me think about baseball when I think of Cracker Jacks
5	Someone crashed into my parked car yesterday. [SEP] Omg!, does the place have camera? at least so that the police can track down the person [SEP] hopefully, i was so mad.	hopefully, i was so mad.	If you have insurance I think you will be fine
1	I have my final physics exam tomorrow and have been studying for it all week. [SEP] Good luck with that. Are you well prepared? [SEP] Thank! I am! I've never studied harder in my life. I'm going to pulverize it!	Thank! I am! I've never studied harder in my life. I'm going to pulverize it!	Cool.
3	I learned a new trick to putting up a ladder that I wanted to try out at our countywide training the other day. [SEP] How did it go? [SEP] Not too well.  I ended up dropping it which was really loud.  I could feel all the eyes on me.	Not too well.  I ended up dropping it which was really loud.  I could feel all the eyes on me.	Oh no! I hope you didn't feel too humiliated.
0	i loved taking care of my sisters pet [SEP] That's really awesome! Cat's are like the best pets ever.  [SEP] nah this is a bearded dragon	nah this is a bearded dragon	Oh... I didn't know those were real. 
7	I spent hours yesterday going through old photos from my childhood. [SEP] did it bring a lot of memories? [SEP] Yes, it did. I felt so nostalgic because I remembered those wonderful days,	Yes, it did. I felt so nostalgic because I remembered those wonderful days,	yeah there's nothing like the good old days
7	I pray that I will beat my disease. [SEP] The strength remains us the prayer, it helps us to get ahead [SEP] Luckily, I have some of the best doctors.	Luckily, I have some of the best doctors.	Well ... God is in the hands of your doctors
0	I really do not like being around spiders.	I really do not like being around spiders.	yea i agree
6	I cried the night I found out my girlfriend moved.	I cried the night I found out my girlfriend moved.	Oh no! Did she move away from your city?
2	I am preparing to take my GRE, the graduate school SAT, and I have so much to study. [SEP] Wow, then you know how it feels. I hope you do great. [SEP] I do, it can definitely be overwhelming. 	I do, it can definitely be overwhelming. 	I bet you won't have anything to worry about. We will both excel.
5	In the middle of the night I heard some weird noises coming from my basement. I grabbed my flashlight and baseball bat and tip-toed down there.	In the middle of the night I heard some weird noises coming from my basement. I grabbed my flashlight and baseball bat and tip-toed down there.	Should have grabbed the gun.
6	I woke up to a strange noise in my house last night. I thought it was burglars	I woke up to a strange noise in my house last night. I thought it was burglars	Oh, so scary, what was it?
7	Last week, I had to give a speech. I was very nervous so I practiced over and over. When the time came, I was ready and it went awesome [SEP] I would be scared too, but I'm happy it turned out well. [SEP] Yeah, I was really nervous. But everyone thought it was a great speech and we went to the bar for drinks after.	Yeah, I was really nervous. But everyone thought it was a great speech and we went to the bar for drinks after.	That is the best feeling.
3	My new car was robbed last week during the night.	My new car was robbed last week during the night.	Oh my! I really hope that you find your stuff. Do the cops have any leads?
4	My dog passed away a few days ago, we had him since he was a baby.	My dog passed away a few days ago, we had him since he was a baby.	Sorry to hear that RIP
3	I have no one to read with. [SEP] You don't like reading alone?  [SEP] It would just be nice to have someone else around every once and awhile.	It would just be nice to have someone else around every once and awhile.	Yes, I can understand that. I'm sorry you don't have anyone to read with. Hopefully that will change in the near future.
3	I failed my math exam. I am an idiot. [SEP] Oh no, that's terrible. Is there anyway to redo it? [SEP] No, I will just have to get an A on my final.	No, I will just have to get an A on my final.	You better prepare well for that final.
2	I left my ID in a friend's car a few days ago. [SEP] Oh I've done that, I hate when that happens. Are you going to see them again soon? [SEP] Yea I told him about my mistake and he said he will try to return it as soon as possible.	Yea I told him about my mistake and he said he will try to return it as soon as possible.	I hope he makes good on his word! Sometimes losing your ID can be a very big deal, I know it was when I've lost mine.
1	My paper boy never brings my paper on time. [SEP] Ah! That must be so frustrating. You should speak to him about this. [SEP] I have, I get so irritated by that.	I have, I get so irritated by that.	I would be too. I want my paper on time!
7	I have recently started a business with my spouse. We knew it was going to work out! [SEP] wow. Am happy for you, just commit to it and it will thrive [SEP] Definitely, barely started on it but it's already going better than expected.	Definitely, barely started on it but it's already going better than expected.	all the best
6	I set the burglar alarm to the house every night before bed. Around 3:00am this morning, the alarm went off	I set the burglar alarm to the house every night before bed. Around 3:00am this morning, the alarm went off	Oh man thats scary! What set it off?
6	One time when I was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. So, I pulled his pants down. [SEP] Oh my! Well, I bet he quit making fun of you in light of his own embarrassment. [SEP] Actually, he stopped making fun of me because he was an alien.	Actually, he stopped making fun of me because he was an alien.	An alien? Wow.
5	Hey there, Got to admit, I'm pretty lonely right now.  [SEP] Aw I'm sorry.  Why are you lonely? [SEP] My wife went out of town for work for a week, and I'm not used to having the place to myself. [SEP] Maybe you could invite a friend over for a movie? [SEP] I could, but they all have lives now.	I could, but they all have lives now.	Maybe you could facetime your wife.
3	I found 6 puppies on my doorstep. [SEP] WOW! I just found one dog and I thought that is rough. Are you fostering them now? [SEP] Yea, I think I'm their daddy now.	Yea, I think I'm their daddy now.	Wonderful! Rescues will help you with contracts and getting them fixed if you need help. Fix those babies up :) Thanks for keeping them safe!
1	i loved taking care of my sisters pet	i loved taking care of my sisters pet	You sound like a good person then. What kind of pet is it
1	My landlord entered my appartment without notifying me. I was sleeping. [SEP] What happened? [SEP] I was mad. I woke up and saw him in my room. Then there was an argument.	I was mad. I woke up and saw him in my room. Then there was an argument.	I probably would have tried to shoot him thinking he was an intruder
2	Trying out food from this new place. A lot of people tell me it's good. [SEP] Nice! I bet your excited about it. I love trying new places.  [SEP] Yea. Totally. My favorite place closed down, so it's been hard trying to find a replacement.	Yea. Totally. My favorite place closed down, so it's been hard trying to find a replacement.	Yes it is! Thats sounds disappointing, but Im glad you found a new place you will hopefully like. 
3	I grew these beautiful flowers in my garden and I had them for three years tending to them carefully. Can you believe our new landscaper mowed them over with his lawn mower. [SEP] Oh no, that's terrible! You should fire that landscaper and plant new flowers. [SEP] That is exactly how I felt. It took me so much time to get them exactly the way I wanted them.	That is exactly how I felt. It took me so much time to get them exactly the way I wanted them.	Well you can always get more flowers, so it'll be okay!
4	I was kinda a lonely child.	I was kinda a lonely child.	I'm sorry to hear that, growing up can be tough.
4	My son told me how much he loves and appreciates me. I haven't seen him around here in over 5 years.	My son told me how much he loves and appreciates me. I haven't seen him around here in over 5 years.	I'm sorry to hear that. Sometimes life gets in the way and we forget what is the most important to us.
4	My wife has been cheating on me, worst yet is that it was with my best friend of 20 years.	My wife has been cheating on me, worst yet is that it was with my best friend of 20 years.	Wow sounds like what i just seen on the news in NC... im so sorry !! 
4	I've been struggling all day. I had some carryout over the weekend and it's hitting me in the worse way. Very ill.	I've been struggling all day. I had some carryout over the weekend and it's hitting me in the worse way. Very ill.	I am so sorry to hear that. Are you feeling nauseated? 
1	i got my sister a line on my cell phone line	i got my sister a line on my cell phone line	I bet she was really happy about that. 
1	I can't seem to get to sleep tonight, too much on my mind. [SEP] Oh no. Have you been stressed about anything? [SEP] No, its just that I am starting a new job tomorrow.	No, its just that I am starting a new job tomorrow.	You sound nervous.
3	i am excited about the direction our country is finally going, hopefully it continues this path [SEP] Nice! And what country might that be? [SEP] the greatest country in the world! USA!!!	the greatest country in the world! USA!!!	Yes, things are looking quite good and will only get better from here.
3	I'm totally missing my family today... can't believe it's been almost 6 months I moved away [SEP] I live far away from my family so I understand completely. Why did you move? [SEP] for work... just one state over but I miss seeing them so often	for work... just one state over but I miss seeing them so often	Of course, it's always better when family is close. I hope you can visit with them soon!
7	I just finished cleaning out my a/c condensor. [SEP] That sounds like a job! [SEP] Yeah, I'm worried I snapped one of the coolant lines. That might get really expensive.	Yeah, I'm worried I snapped one of the coolant lines. That might get really expensive.	I wish you good luck with that!
2	I've got lasagna in the oven. I hope it turns our well! [SEP] I am sure it will [SEP] Thanks. I can smell it now.	Thanks. I can smell it now.	I bet it smells nice
7	I got promoted to a line cook and it couldn't have gone smoother.	I got promoted to a line cook and it couldn't have gone smoother.	Congratulations! That's a very good job. What kind of food do you prepare?
2	i cant get any sleep. i want to know if i got the job or not. [SEP] hope you get the job , i would feel the exact same way [SEP] i have a very good feeling about it!!	i have a very good feeling about it!!	i really hope you get it 
7	I couldn't believe how nice that car was!  She did really well getting that new car. [SEP] Oh that's cool, having a nice new car always feel so sleek and cool. [SEP] Yeah and she bought it the day of our trip so we didn't have to worry about driving an older ride.  Worked out great.	Yeah and she bought it the day of our trip so we didn't have to worry about driving an older ride.  Worked out great.	That's good!
3	MY son hits his head on the floor purposely when he doesnt get his way [SEP] dang.. how long has he been doing that? [SEP] about a year. the doctor said he does it for attention and real tears. 	about a year. the doctor said he does it for attention and real tears. 	yea once it doesnt work anymore he will stop doing it
8	I get sentimental about my family, they mean a lot to me and I do not know what I would do without them [SEP] That's good to hear. I think family is very important. [SEP] they sure are, very important to almost everyone	they sure are, very important to almost everyone	I wouldn't be the person I am today without my family.
2	I applied for a new position at work, similar to mine but better pay. I think my interview went well. [SEP] That sounds great, were you nervous about the interview? [SEP] A little bit, I don't like being on the spot, but I have a feeling it turned out very well	A little bit, I don't like being on the spot, but I have a feeling it turned out very well	I hope you get the job!
0	I wish I was Donald Trump. His life is amazing. [SEP] You can be the next trump if you work hard. [SEP] I hope so. I want to be rich like him.	I hope so. I want to be rich like him.	You have to work hard and get good at somehting.
3	it upset me when i couldnt leave work on time [SEP] Aww, did you miss your plans? [SEP] yea.. had to cancel	yea.. had to cancel	Sorry to hear that my friend.. hopefully it works out better next time
0	I went to get an apple this morning. It was rotting.	I went to get an apple this morning. It was rotting.	That's disappointing. I know how that goes. Its happened to be before
5	Another one of my friends is getting married. [SEP] That is terrible, have you told him how bad that will be? [SEP] I should. Im always a bridesmaid and I'm sick of it.	I should. Im always a bridesmaid and I'm sick of it.	Maybe you should get married!
5	Yesterday afternoon as I was walking home from work a giant rat ran across my path. It was so nauseating that I almost vomited!	Yesterday afternoon as I was walking home from work a giant rat ran across my path. It was so nauseating that I almost vomited!	Wow that's terrifying, maybe next time u should invest in mouse traps 
4	We just had a house fire one month ago. We lost most of our things and our dog, Pudges.	We just had a house fire one month ago. We lost most of our things and our dog, Pudges.	Sorry to hear that, it must be absolutely devastating. But you must stay strong.
5	I don't really have much direction in my life right now, I'm just trying to keep my head above water because I don't really have any other option. [SEP] Oh no that is terrible. Is there anyone near you that could be of help? Maybe a family member or someone that can lend a hand or ear? I'm so sorry to hear this. [SEP] I've asked pretty much everyone in my family for help, and it seems the answer from all of them is that they can't afford it financially right now.	I've asked pretty much everyone in my family for help, and it seems the answer from all of them is that they can't afford it financially right now.	I know it means swallowing some pride, but if it's financial help you need, perhaps you could go the route of Gofundme? or maybe government services? I know it might be embarrassing to some people, but sometimes your back is against the wall you have nothing to lose.
0	I buy a lottery ticket every week. No luck so far but I'll keep trying. [SEP] I do the same. At least we're contributing to somebody's fortune. [SEP] I dream of winning. I need to break this cycle of living paycheck-to-paycheck. 	I dream of winning. I need to break this cycle of living paycheck-to-paycheck. 	You and me both.
4	When I was at summer camp I was wearing sweat pants and someone shanked me! [SEP] Wait what does that mean what i think it means? [SEP] Probably, someone pulled down my pants during dinner at the mess hall...humiliating. 	Probably, someone pulled down my pants during dinner at the mess hall...humiliating. 	im sorry to hear that
6	I saw a guy put whipped cream on his taco.	I saw a guy put whipped cream on his taco.	That is just gross!  Did you say anything to him, like "Dude, what are you doing?"
2	I am anxious about this upcoming season for the Eagles, who knows what will happen [SEP] Oh Football! Dosen't preason start this week? My husband likes the Los Angles Chargers but they arent very good! [SEP] It does, the Eagles are playing right now!	It does, the Eagles are playing right now!	Nice! I hope they do well!
2	I want to take my kids to a buffet today	I want to take my kids to a buffet today	That's great. Hopefully they eat a lot of food!
0	Super excited about some moisturizer I am getting tomorrow.  [SEP] Oh I love trying new things for me! Everyone deserves spoiling sometimes [SEP] Very true! I have to have a good moisturizer. It seems like I can't ever find the right one for my skin so I am hoping this works.	Very true! I have to have a good moisturizer. It seems like I can't ever find the right one for my skin so I am hoping this works.	I have that problem too. Most feel heavy and make me sweat. I really hope it's just right for you
3	I had jury duty for three months this spring. Its was surprisingly fun and interesting. 	I had jury duty for three months this spring. Its was surprisingly fun and interesting. 	I hate jury duty.
8	I have my final exam tomorrow. I am so nervous!	I have my final exam tomorrow. I am so nervous!	I am sure you will do well!
7	I just had to pass all of my classes to graduate. [SEP] congratulations! [SEP] Thank you! I didn't know if I was going to be able to.	Thank you! I didn't know if I was going to be able to.	i am really happy for you
2	good friends always helps you in every up and down situation without any expectation 	good friends always helps you in every up and down situation without any expectation 	You have to have a good friend though for any help. Without a friend there is not help.
5	I saw someone who was making much more money than me doing a the same thing as me but a very bad job. But I still wished I was on their place and paid as much	I saw someone who was making much more money than me doing a the same thing as me but a very bad job. But I still wished I was on their place and paid as much	I know what you mean, maybe ask if the place is hiring? 
2	I have meditated nearly every day this year. It was my new years resolution. [SEP] Nice! Did it help you become less stressed? [SEP] Yes! It is surprising how much it has helped me considering how neurotic I can be.	Yes! It is surprising how much it has helped me considering how neurotic I can be.	Dang, well I hope you can continue your goal of meditating every day!
2	There is no better feeling than being greeted at the door by your dog [SEP] Thats always a good feeling. I bet you are excited to come home everyday. [SEP] You bet. As soon as she hears the door horn when I lock my car, I can hear her barking from inside [SEP] What a good dog and full of joy! [SEP] She is a very sweet girl	She is a very sweet girl	I bet she loves you just at much as you love her.
3	I am still single and all of my friends are married or engaged. [SEP] Being single isn't all that bad. Are you looking for someone? [SEP] I am. It never goes past the first date though. I attract weirdos lol	I am. It never goes past the first date though. I attract weirdos lol	Better to be single than be with weirdos.
7	I went on a job interview friday, and I think it went well. [SEP] oh cool.. Is it in the field you like? [SEP] Same thing i'm doing now (IT)	Same thing i'm doing now (IT)	Good for you :) I wish and pray you get it buddy
6	i was happy when i got the day off [SEP] You got a day off? Man I wish I could get a day off [SEP] yea a day off	yea a day off	Was it fun?
2	Im so ready waiting for my package to arrive today.  [SEP] I love package delivery days!  I've got a couple coming as well.  What are you waiting for? [SEP] I am waiting on a fitness machine to come. 	I am waiting on a fitness machine to come. 	Oh wow, a big package!  Hope you enjoy it!
7	I took the garbage to the dump a couple of days ago. one of the bags broke and spilled all over the bed of my truck. [SEP] thats awful, did it clean up easily? [SEP] it's left some grease in my truck bed, but other than that it was okay.	it's left some grease in my truck bed, but other than that it was okay.	well that's good to hear
6	I have pain in my stomach for about a week now. By reading what is on the internet, I am very worried.	I have pain in my stomach for about a week now. By reading what is on the internet, I am very worried.	What is going on?  Have you seen the dr?
2	I just won the lotto and now I can finally finish my storm shelter! I will finally be safe from all these twisters! [SEP] Hey that's a good plan, hope you remember to include some fun stuff for those long house. [SEP] Good idea! I will start making a list right now!	Good idea! I will start making a list right now!	I hope it works out for you, stay safe.
1	I missed a delivery today [SEP] what were you expecting [SEP] I don't know - I didn't order anything but received a card o say they tried to deliver.	I don't know - I didn't order anything but received a card o say they tried to deliver.	hahah...thats too funny
8	i was impressed when i saw lebron leave the cavs a second time [SEP] What was impressive about that? [SEP] that he had the stones to do it a second time	that he had the stones to do it a second time	Everyone knew he was going to do it though
7	I have finished my college education!	I have finished my college education!	Congratulations!  What degree did you get?
6	Do you have a partner?	Do you have a partner?	yes I do. Do you?
4	I'm nervous about the last half of the year. I've been having rough financial times. They'll get better in February, but it's a long time till then.	I'm nervous about the last half of the year. I've been having rough financial times. They'll get better in February, but it's a long time till then.	I am sorry to hear that. I am sure you be fine.
2	I am so happy.  I start my new job today!	I am so happy.  I start my new job today!	Congrats. I hope you'll like what you're doing
8	i was pissed when i forgot my house keys at work [SEP] It happens a lot [SEP] yea i had to wait outside till my wife got home	yea i had to wait outside till my wife got home	Was it a long wait
0	I got in my car to go to a baseball game. I was really excited to see some of my favorite players. When I got there, heavy rain started to come down. Eventually they cancelled the game. 	I got in my car to go to a baseball game. I was really excited to see some of my favorite players. When I got there, heavy rain started to come down. Eventually they cancelled the game. 	That has been happening a lot lately.  Everyone in the US seems to be getting wet.
2	Next week I will be going on a road trip with my girlfriend. I can't wait! [SEP] I am sure that will be fun [SEP] Yes, this is the first time going on vacation with her.	Yes, this is the first time going on vacation with her.	I bet you have a lot of good times
3	My son knew that he wasn't suppose to bring drinks near my computer, and he didn't listen! Now he spilled water all over my gaming computer and it won't turn on. [SEP] Oh no!  That would've made me so mad.  I let my kids use my computer too but always say, no drinks by it and wash your hands.  Kids always seem to forget that.  [SEP] I'm not so sure if it's forgetting or just wanting to be contrary, honestly! Maybe I'm just being a little negative because of how mad I am. People do make mistakes, but that computer cost me and arm and leg to build!	I'm not so sure if it's forgetting or just wanting to be contrary, honestly! Maybe I'm just being a little negative because of how mad I am. People do make mistakes, but that computer cost me and arm and leg to build!	It is a hard balance because they need to learn and it should make you mad, but people do make mistakes.  So hard to know how to act really but things are too expensive to not treat them well.  I hope you're able to find an easier way to fix it.
6	My friend Karl had a party, he invited a lot of people and I was not invited. I felt really bad.	My friend Karl had a party, he invited a lot of people and I was not invited. I felt really bad.	That sould make me feel sad. Did you talk to him about it?
5	i ate all of the ice cream today, i feel bad [SEP] Why? How much did you eat? [SEP] a half a gallon	a half a gallon	Wow! Was it good, anyways? Maybe you could buy more?
3	Last week someone broke in my house and robbed us. Now I am scared to even live here! [SEP] That's intense. I am sorry to hear that but stay positive! [SEP] But its so scary to be here now I am afraid it will happen again.	But its so scary to be here now I am afraid it will happen again.	I hope that it does not. Is it a bad part of town?
2	From starting i told about my love to my family.they are not accepted after that handled more problems.finally we got both family permission. [SEP] I am happy for you! [SEP] thank you	thank you	I hope you get married!
5	I'm disappointed in my new car, it has already broken down twice and now it's in the shop! [SEP] I hope you got a warranty on it. New cars should not have issues for a while. [SEP] Yeah it's under warranty, but I just hope it doesn't keep doing this, it's a bummer!	Yeah it's under warranty, but I just hope it doesn't keep doing this, it's a bummer!	Well perhaps you got a lemon. I would ask for a new car if it happens again.
3	We just got back from vacation and our sleep times are off. It is really messing with me. [SEP] That will mess you up for a few days. The only thing I don't like about going away. [SEP] I went to bed at a decent time last night. When I woke up my kids were still up watching cartoons!	I went to bed at a decent time last night. When I woke up my kids were still up watching cartoons!	Oh no. Hopefully everybody gets back to normal soon.
5	i lost my job today. was not my fault we got robbed [SEP] Oh no I am so sorry! I bet that must have been scary too [SEP] yes they took the money, but boss says its my fault they took it	yes they took the money, but boss says its my fault they took it	wow they should care more that youre safe!
8	I feel very good about my relationship with my partner. My partner values my opinion about things.	I feel very good about my relationship with my partner. My partner values my opinion about things.	ok, so sweet
5	My neighbor shot my dog and nearly killed him yesterday! All because he pooped on his driveway. I get it, my dog should go somewhere else, but shooting him?! [SEP] I would have shot back, that is uncalled for [SEP] I'm thinking about how I can ruin his life without getting caught. I'm so mad right now,.	I'm thinking about how I can ruin his life without getting caught. I'm so mad right now,.	Maybe you should cut his brakes
4	I am glad it did not make you depressed! [SEP] Me too. [SEP] I am mad I got passed over for a position at work, I thought I was qualified for it too, but no contact	I am mad I got passed over for a position at work, I thought I was qualified for it too, but no contact	I am sorry to hear that, I have been there before.
3	I was so ashamed of my self the other day! I went to work with two different shoes! [SEP] What was the reason that happen to you? [SEP] I guess I just didn't realize one was blue and one was black and I didn't have time to go home and change! I had to hide my feet all day!	I guess I just didn't realize one was blue and one was black and I didn't have time to go home and change! I had to hide my feet all day!	I hope you you work behind a desk. That is the only way you can hide them!!!
1	It took a lot of work and a whole lot of training, but last week I managed to place second place in a bodybuilding show I competed in!	It took a lot of work and a whole lot of training, but last week I managed to place second place in a bodybuilding show I competed in!	That's incredible! You must feel on top of the world!
8	I promised my daughter I would watch IT wih her tonight. [SEP] Oh wow, that's a pretty scary movie.  I'd want company while watching it too. [SEP] I am too scared though. I don't like horror films at all	I am too scared though. I don't like horror films at all	I get what you mean.  Some films just aren't for some people.  It takes some courage to watch.
7	My friends just recently purchased a brand new, new car smelling, 2019 Honda Civic.	My friends just recently purchased a brand new, new car smelling, 2019 Honda Civic.	Yikes! Bet the car payment is not worth it. lol
2	I just had a brand new coworker start at my job. I've loved helping him learn the ropes! [SEP] Cool. Most people dont like training. [SEP] Yeah I find it interesting to get to meet somebody new. Although it does get tiring too.	Yeah I find it interesting to get to meet somebody new. Although it does get tiring too.	I bet he appreciates you being nice though.
6	i was scared walking home the other day	i was scared walking home the other day	why what happened?
7	At a shop, a seller was lying about the prices of the items that he was selling. [SEP] I hate when they do that [SEP] Me too. I notice the price tags. I left and I not coming back there again.	Me too. I notice the price tags. I left and I not coming back there again.	That is probably best
1	I'm pregnant but wasn't able to have a baby shower but all my friends and family sent us nice little gifts.... It was such a nice thing of them to do [SEP] That was very nice. Why couldn't you have a baby shower? [SEP] I moved to a different state and wasn't able to make it back to my home state :( but it was nice	I moved to a different state and wasn't able to make it back to my home state :( but it was nice	Yes, that is nice. A baby shower, just without the people. Still great!
7	I'm in no hurry to move out of my parents house. [SEP] I don't blame you. I would be trying to avoid bills too. [SEP] Plus my moms my bestfriend so its a win win situation.	Plus my moms my bestfriend so its a win win situation.	It is always good to have a pleasant relationship with your parents.
8	I was very happy because my result was out [SEP] Must have been a good result.  Was it for a job, school, or for medical results? [SEP] Yes I made excellent result	Yes I made excellent result	I am sure your family was proud of you, as well!
2	We had a huge storm the other day and it was extremely loud, very dark.  [SEP] Storms can be quite scary! Is it over now? [SEP] Thankfully yes and you are right it was quite scary at the moment! 	Thankfully yes and you are right it was quite scary at the moment! 	Hopefully, that's the last storm for a while.
3	I'm nervous about the last half of the year. I've been having rough financial times. They'll get better in February, but it's a long time till then. [SEP] I am sorry to hear that. I am sure you be fine. [SEP] I hope so, but I'll be sweating bullets until then.	I hope so, but I'll be sweating bullets until then.	We all go through tough times. It will work out for you in the end.
5	I had an argument last week with my wife. She told me that she want to divorce and that I am not the father of our son. I felt destroyed. [SEP] Sheesh that's heavy.  Sorry to hear that.  Have you talked it over yet or no [SEP] No, I felt the house. I don't want to see her anymore. We are getting divorce.	No, I felt the house. I don't want to see her anymore. We are getting divorce.	Well maybe it's for the best.  Good luck
1	My friend from highschool jsut told me she is moving back to town!	My friend from highschool jsut told me she is moving back to town!	Awesome.  You must be excited.
1	i got my sister a line on my cell phone line [SEP] I bet she was really happy about that.  [SEP] she was, but I am not. I think she has paid on time maybe twice in two years	she was, but I am not. I think she has paid on time maybe twice in two years	Yikes, that would drive me crazy.
5	I have been exercising and dieting for the last year regularly! I feel really good about how I look and am really self assured! [SEP] I try to eat the most junk food possible. [SEP] That's no good!  Aren't you worried about your health!  You will feel better about yourself if you work out and eat healthy!	That's no good!  Aren't you worried about your health!  You will feel better about yourself if you work out and eat healthy!	I think i will most likely die before i am thirty.
4	So I had a moment that was horrible. I fell getting out of my darn car this morning.	So I had a moment that was horrible. I fell getting out of my darn car this morning.	Im sorry to hear that. did you hurt yourself?
6	I did my professional certification 	I did my professional certification 	really? what was it about?
1	I feel so ashamed! My son baked cookies yesterday to have today after school and I ate them all! [SEP] I guess that means they were good at least [SEP] They were delicious! I guess I better go bake some more for him.	They were delicious! I guess I better go bake some more for him.	That sounds like a good idea
5	My friend just moved into a new home. Its a nice place that makes me a little envious of him	My friend just moved into a new home. Its a nice place that makes me a little envious of him	It can be tough when friends have things that might be considered better than what you have.  Maybe it can be used as motivation
6	I've been exercising for months and I lost 10 pounds. I feel great! [SEP] Congratulations! Any plans to lose more? [SEP] Yes I think so! I just bought some new clothes and I feel like a million bucks. 	Yes I think so! I just bought some new clothes and I feel like a million bucks. 	that's great. were you losing for a special occasion or just to feel better?
3	Well I am in a relationship kind of..but they are away and I can't talk to them so I am quite lonely.  [SEP] I am so sorry to hear that.  When will you see them again? [SEP] It depends on what they do in therapy. I cannot live with them they way they have been so it's a pickle.	It depends on what they do in therapy. I cannot live with them they way they have been so it's a pickle.	That is so sad to hear.  I hope things go well with the therapy and you are reunited soon.
1	I saw a guy scratching his behind on the train this morning. [SEP] That is weird. Did you say anything? [SEP] I was too grossed out to talk to him, besides, I thought it was none of my business?	I was too grossed out to talk to him, besides, I thought it was none of my business?	Well that is pretty gross.
4	My brother got hit with a DUI the other night. His wife said that was the last straw, as she was tired of his drinking. She kicked him out and now he's living with me. I feel so terrible for everyone involved, especially because they have two kids	My brother got hit with a DUI the other night. His wife said that was the last straw, as she was tired of his drinking. She kicked him out and now he's living with me. I feel so terrible for everyone involved, especially because they have two kids	sorry to hear that, my brother has a drinking problem too, and has kids, i love him but at this point we are more focused on the kids , i tell him if you get locked up who is gonna raise the girls , of course we are but still they need a father 
6	went to the bathroom and saw something you don't see everyday.	went to the bathroom and saw something you don't see everyday.	What did you see?
1	My company will give us a bonus because the quarter was good. I am happy.	My company will give us a bonus because the quarter was good. I am happy.	That's great. I've never gotten a bonuse at work.
4	i feel kinda bad	i feel kinda bad	Oh I'm sorry to hear that, why's that? :(
1	I cried when I had to return to work after my vacation.	I cried when I had to return to work after my vacation.	i've been there lol
2	I'm planning on going out to a party this evening. I want to meet a new girlfriend and think there might be a good girl there. [SEP] I bet your chances are high. Party at a friends or family? [SEP] It's a friend's party.	It's a friend's party.	cool well i hope you get what you want 
8	My dog passed away a week ago. I live alone, and he was the only person that kept me company when I came home at night. Apartment feels so quiet and lifeless without him around. [SEP] aww. i can imagine that its really different now in the house. [SEP] Yeah. I miss the pitter-patter of his feet, his bark, and having him with me when I fall asleep. He was older, so at least I got to experience him for a large part of my life. And he went peacefully, too. I have no idea how long it will take for me to move on.	Yeah. I miss the pitter-patter of his feet, his bark, and having him with me when I fall asleep. He was older, so at least I got to experience him for a large part of my life. And he went peacefully, too. I have no idea how long it will take for me to move on.	i felt the same avout my moms dog when he passed.something was missing in the house.
8	Maroon 5 is coming into town. I've never seen these guys live.	Maroon 5 is coming into town. I've never seen these guys live.	I hear they are good
4	My dog was hit by a car today and we don't know if she's gonna make it.	My dog was hit by a car today and we don't know if she's gonna make it.	Oh how horrible. I'm sorry sorry to hear that.
5	im 800 miles from my family and i miss them [SEP] That must be pretty lonely. Do you talk often? [SEP] mostly daily or at least once a week	mostly daily or at least once a week	Well that should help
8	My kids will sometimes go and play at my new neighbors house.  [SEP] That must be fun for them.  Our neighbor hood only has older people so my kids stay around the house. [SEP] I think I liked it better when my neighborhood had more older people.	I think I liked it better when my neighborhood had more older people.	See and i would have though the opposite, but I suppose if they are gone all the time it might get overdone.
7	"I am thrilled! I just found out that I'm pregnant! Its my second child and I've been having trouble getting pregnant again. It was such a surprise!".	"I am thrilled! I just found out that I'm pregnant! Its my second child and I've been having trouble getting pregnant again. It was such a surprise!".	Congratulations. Yes it can be very hard to get pregnant and carry children for some. I know how that goes
0	I was visiting my friend's new place, and I felt so bad about spilling red wine while they weren't looking. [SEP] Did you cover it up or tell them about it? [SEP] I actually just moved over the couch a bit while they were in the restroom.	I actually just moved over the couch a bit while they were in the restroom.	Now that is what I am talking about!
2	I ordered a new big screen and it comes in today! I finally get to get rid of this tiny TV I have. I am so pumped up. [SEP] ooh! how may inches was the old one and the new one? would love a new tv. [SEP] It was like 30 inches and new one is 60 inches. I cant wait to see how much better it looks.	It was like 30 inches and new one is 60 inches. I cant wait to see how much better it looks.	I bet it will look amazing watching sports or playing video games
5	When I met my friend for coffee this morning, I had indigestion. I passed gas and it smelled terrible. [SEP] Why didn't you walk away lol [SEP] Oh, believe me, I would've walked away if I could've. I was so embarrassed.	Oh, believe me, I would've walked away if I could've. I was so embarrassed.	You should of try to let it out slowly.
1	i was happy when i got approved for a week off of vacation [SEP] i would have been as well we all need vacas, anywhere special to go?  [SEP] i was planning on visiting this person's space ship on the moon	i was planning on visiting this person's space ship on the moon	Sounds like a solid plan, you should go for it! Shoot for the moon. 
7	I just got to college and am terribly homesick. I miss my house and my parents. [SEP] I know the feeling. I lived far away from my parents in college. It does get better. [SEP] I hope it does, otherwise I dont know how I will deal with this sadness.	I hope it does, otherwise I dont know how I will deal with this sadness.	I had to try to make friends and see my parents when I could. I wish you luck.
8	saw a man kicking his dog because it was peeing on a car tire [SEP] That is horrible [SEP] i wanted to say something but it happened so quick and the dude was jacked so i let it go	i wanted to say something but it happened so quick and the dude was jacked so i let it go	It was just a tire he couldve let it go.
4	I hurt me when my parents got divorced. I never thought that would happen	I hurt me when my parents got divorced. I never thought that would happen	I'm so sorry, are you okay?
5	I just noticed my neighbor pull in with a brand new camper. That thing is so nice. I wish I could afford one like that...	I just noticed my neighbor pull in with a brand new camper. That thing is so nice. I wish I could afford one like that...	Campers are awesome, have you tried socialising with him? maybee he can invite you to see it from the inside
2	Saw a guy drop his phone and kick it back into his hand [SEP] lol that is impressive [SEP] yea i was very impressed myself	yea i was very impressed myself	lol I bet
0	My sister in law basically lives off of my mother in law and her kids get everything. My mother in law rarely gives our kids anything because we have the money to do it ourselves - and I get a bit miffed at times.	My sister in law basically lives off of my mother in law and her kids get everything. My mother in law rarely gives our kids anything because we have the money to do it ourselves - and I get a bit miffed at times.	I know that feeling too, at least somewhat. Seems like clear favoritism to me, but maybe I'm wrong.
3	How can someone brush your car without waiting to appologize [SEP] ooh,  sorry about that. That is so rude [SEP] i wish i can locate him and make him pay for what he did. but i will prefer to brush his face with a punch 	i wish i can locate him and make him pay for what he did. but i will prefer to brush his face with a punch 	Please do not do that. just forgive him and hope that it does not happen again
2	i finally got to go on vacation [SEP] That's great! Wheer are you gonna go? [SEP] south padre island texas	south padre island texas	That's a fun place to go. You'll have to be sure to take lots of pics!
2	So I am getting second thoughts about going on my trip. I am leaving for two months but I am getting nervous about going. [SEP] Where are you going? Are you scared of going on the plane or going to a new place? [SEP] I am going all over Europe. The thought of being in a foreign countries for so long is kind of scary. Not sure if I should go.	I am going all over Europe. The thought of being in a foreign countries for so long is kind of scary. Not sure if I should go.	I'm sure you'll have a blast, I've heard it's beautiful continent. And the food will be great!
3	MY internet used to be awesome now it cuts out several times a day.	MY internet used to be awesome now it cuts out several times a day.	Well at least you can find an excuse to step outside the house and mix it up!
3	I think today is going to be a good day.	I think today is going to be a good day.	I sure hope so. Why do you think that it will be a good day?
2	I always play the lotto, but I got a good feeling about tonight! [SEP] Yeah! Did you pick your lucky numbers? [SEP] Oh yea, all 1000 of them!	Oh yea, all 1000 of them!	Nice! I hope you win!
4	I let my teenage son borrow my car and he crashed it!	I let my teenage son borrow my car and he crashed it!	Oh no, so sorry. Was your son okay?
4	I went to the bowling alley all by myself last night. [SEP] Did you have fun at least? [SEP] I did not. My friends ditched me. What a terrible nigt.	I did not. My friends ditched me. What a terrible nigt.	Oh I'm sorry to hear that
3	I've been having a rough relationship lately, so tomorrow I plan to break up with my girlfriend. 	I've been having a rough relationship lately, so tomorrow I plan to break up with my girlfriend. 	Oh no... I hope it's for the best
1	I went into that test last week knowing i was going to ace it!	I went into that test last week knowing i was going to ace it!	Wow, you must have been pretty confident then.
7	I want my family to do well	I want my family to do well	That is a very good wish to have buddy
2	I've been stuck on work travel away from home for the past few weeks. Last weekend was my birthday which I wasn't looking forward to spending alone. But to my amazement my girlfriend drove through the night to spend it with me! [SEP] Wow! Did you do anything special while she was there? [SEP] Not really we just hung out together. We saw a movie too.	Not really we just hung out together. We saw a movie too.	Nice! I hope you feel better!
1	My cat vomited on my shoes [SEP] I hate cats that throw up. [SEP] yea sadly they all do once and a while	yea sadly they all do once and a while	I am sure your shoes can be cleaned.
7	i bought a new gun and i can't wait to go to the range! I really love going to the range [SEP] Wow, you should be an avid shooter!! [SEP] I believe I'm pretty good. I have to be! I work as an armed guard	I believe I'm pretty good. I have to be! I work as an armed guard	ah respect for the armed forces!!. Good luck with your new gun!! Hope you have a blast
5	I didn't have enough money to pay my rent this month so I took the money from the cash at work. I feel terrible. [SEP] Dang, maybe you should have bought a lottery ticket instead? [SEP] yeah, well I couldn't risk loosing any more money. I don't know what to do.	yeah, well I couldn't risk loosing any more money. I don't know what to do.	Maybe you can find a cheaper place to live?
5	I had such a sweet little parakeet and i was always letting him fly in the house. One day i opened the window and i totally forgot my bird was out of the cage and he flew away [SEP] Oh no!  Did you ever find him again? [SEP] no, i even put the cage outside and i was hoping he will come back but he didn't. I'm so sad, he was such a sweet little guy	no, i even put the cage outside and i was hoping he will come back but he didn't. I'm so sad, he was such a sweet little guy	I am sorry to hear that.  Maybe he will find his way back home some day.
0	I was with my uncle the other day and he wanted to watch a Discovery TV show I wasn't familiar with so I said okay. It was Dirty Jobs. It was so gross, you couldn't pay me enough to do those jobs!	I was with my uncle the other day and he wanted to watch a Discovery TV show I wasn't familiar with so I said okay. It was Dirty Jobs. It was so gross, you couldn't pay me enough to do those jobs!	Haha!  I know exactly what you are talking about!  I love that show and yes, it is quite gross!  You must have felt quite disgusted!
1	When I was eight my parents got me a dog for Christmas.	When I was eight my parents got me a dog for Christmas.	A dog is an awesome gift for a little kid.  I bet you were super excited.
3	I cannot wait for the new super smash bros game, it looks amazing!	I cannot wait for the new super smash bros game, it looks amazing!	I used to play that game with my little cousins
3	Football season is about to start. I used to always watch the opening day games with my dad. I'm halfway across the country now though, and we won't be able to do it in person for a long time. Makes me miss him [SEP] Oh dang, that is too bad.  Can you guys video call? [SEP] Eh, we're not really the type to do that. Especially not him. And it's not worth it. Just a phone call here or there. Just miss the tradition is all. We're big family people	Eh, we're not really the type to do that. Especially not him. And it's not worth it. Just a phone call here or there. Just miss the tradition is all. We're big family people	Oh OK, hopefully you have some friends you can bring over and share your traditions.
1	I can't believe how big my dog has gotten. 7 months ago, she was a small, clueless puppy but now she is a big one! [SEP] What is her name? [SEP] Pinky because she has pink spots all over her nose and paws!	Pinky because she has pink spots all over her nose and paws!	That;s cute. I love the cute names people give their pets.
2	I miss when my daughter was a baby... I feel like it's all a ablur now [SEP] I bet you had some good times when she was a baby!  How old is she now? [SEP] She's two now but feels so much bigger	She's two now but feels so much bigger	haha I bet she's a doll!  Cherish these moments!
0	this world is just cruel isn't it? i mean where is the love, do we really hate eachother that much?	this world is just cruel isn't it? i mean where is the love, do we really hate eachother that much?	i agree. everyone seems to be out for themself and do not care to help other or take others into consideration
1	A few weeks ago I ordered a custom birthday cake from somebody. The lady did incredible work on it. [SEP] What type of cake was it. I love cake, wish I could have a slice. [SEP] It was a chocolate Mickey mouse clubhouse cake. It tasted amazing also.	It was a chocolate Mickey mouse clubhouse cake. It tasted amazing also.	It must have been very pretty and tasty.
6	I was let down by the movie. I was expecting much more. [SEP] What movie are you referring too? [SEP] The new tomb raider movie, it was so bad...	The new tomb raider movie, it was so bad...	Oh! Well i haven't seen that yet. was the action at least somewhat decent?
8	I've got a health check coming up tomorrow, but I am a bit nervous about it. [SEP] I never liked those either.  Do you have any health problems that would make you dread it?   [SEP] Not really (I think). Just the whole process is something that makes me nervous, perhaps foolishly.	Not really (I think). Just the whole process is something that makes me nervous, perhaps foolishly.	Don't sweat it.  You'll do great.  Its never a fun process but that's so good you're keeping up with your health!
3	I was checking out today at the grocery store and one of my items busted. It went everywhere and the cashier was so rude about it [SEP] That's very unfortunate. That cashier needs to find a job they actually like doing. [SEP] I was not a happy camper. She told me I could go and get the replacement item.	I was not a happy camper. She told me I could go and get the replacement item.	They're supposed to either do that for you or get someone else to 
6	I went a bunch of job interviews last week. I have a good feeling that I will land something soon.	I went a bunch of job interviews last week. I have a good feeling that I will land something soon.	Yes! I bet it will, did you go in and kill it?
8	I hate it when my internet cuts off and starts slowing down. It bugs me out so much, maybe it's time to upgrade ISP. [SEP] Ugh, I am with you on that. Mine has been doing that all week. It's so annoying and it costs even more to switch to someone else [SEP] I know right. I usually try disconnecting and reconnecting it but it doesn't do anything. I need to find a cheaper ISP.	I know right. I usually try disconnecting and reconnecting it but it doesn't do anything. I need to find a cheaper ISP.	Sometimes resetting the modem & router helps. But, it won't do much if the ISP isn't good to begin with. Careful with going too cheap, though, you might end up worse
6	I find it unfair that one of my coworker got promoted and not me. I envy him.	I find it unfair that one of my coworker got promoted and not me. I envy him.	Thats not fair! what has he done that you havent done?
6	I got to see my baby born on Friday. My first son was born and is in healthy shape.	I got to see my baby born on Friday. My first son was born and is in healthy shape.	wow that must have been so hard to do! i am so proud of you worker_2 how do you feel?
0	My pet iguana Ricado just die. I miss him. [SEP] Aw I am sorry to hear that. I'm sure he was a good pet. [SEP] Yeah he was I've had him since I was 5.	Yeah he was I've had him since I was 5.	Oh wow. Pets can be just like family members. It's hard to lose them I know.
3	I booked a vacation house on the coast and we drove to the place. Upon arriving the driveway was blocked with other people's cars, to which none of the owners were anywhere to be found. [SEP] That must have been so frustrating!!! Were you able to find them fairly quickly? And how?! [SEP] We did not, instead we had to park very far away and walk the rest for the first entire day. Eventually the people came back and moved the cars in the middle of the first night so we had to sacrifice more time the next day to retrieve our car.	We did not, instead we had to park very far away and walk the rest for the first entire day. Eventually the people came back and moved the cars in the middle of the first night so we had to sacrifice more time the next day to retrieve our car.	SO frustrating. Hopefully you were able to provide feedback to the owner. Not sure they could/can *do* anything about it, but still -- maybe you've helped pay it forward to the next visitor!
0	I got a hotdog lunch the other day with my last 5.95 and I dropped it while I was getting into my car.	I got a hotdog lunch the other day with my last 5.95 and I dropped it while I was getting into my car.	That's the worst.  No money and now hungry.
4	I didn't get any of the classes I wanted for this semester [SEP] Oh dang! Did you file for classes late? [SEP] I had to re-register and they were all full. I don't think I am going to do well now	I had to re-register and they were all full. I don't think I am going to do well now	I'm so sorry to hear it! Were you able to take anything?
1	Aliens came down the other day for the first time, and they wanted me to check out the inside of their spaceship!	Aliens came down the other day for the first time, and they wanted me to check out the inside of their spaceship!	That is a pretty weird thing to have happen
0	I miss my childhood dog so much. We had such fun adventures together. Those were the best days. [SEP] I could imagine. Dogs are amazing. [SEP] Yeah, he always slept with me and woke me up in the morning with his licks. At least I have my memories.	Yeah, he always slept with me and woke me up in the morning with his licks. At least I have my memories.	Definitely. Hold on to those.
0	MY daughter finally went to bed at a decent time [SEP] Bedtimes can be really hard for the kids and the adults too. LOL [SEP] That is definitely true. I was pretty much forcing her all summer break and she still wouldnt go	That is definitely true. I was pretty much forcing her all summer break and she still wouldnt go	Oh no, I have to take her side now. Summer's are made to break the rules.
0	I got a makeover and bought fashionable clothes for the date [SEP] Oh that sound like a lot of fun!! Hope your date ended up being worth all that work. [SEP] It was we really hit it off because I was feeling so confident and fresh.	It was we really hit it off because I was feeling so confident and fresh.	Confidence is definitely a good things to have when going on a date.   I bet your looked great!
8	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. Why don't you join some groups so you can meet some new people.  [SEP] there isnt very many.i live in a small town	there isnt very many.i live in a small town	Sometimes you just have to reach out to people. Oftentimes other people are feeling the same way and you don't even realize it. 
2	I had a fantasy draft today, i researched alot for it [SEP] I've never tried that, do you bet money on it? [SEP] Yep i do every year	Yep i do every year	Nice, hope it goes well
3	The hotdog I had tasted pretty funky. I'm not sure if it's gone bad	The hotdog I had tasted pretty funky. I'm not sure if it's gone bad	I hope you do not get sick!
1	as a writer i prefer to always be alone	as a writer i prefer to always be alone	I see, being alone can be fulfilling to. It all depends on the kind of person you are.
4	Our home was broken into right after we moved in.	Our home was broken into right after we moved in.	Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that.
6	I'm so thankful for relatively good sleep now. About two years ago I had a serious bout of insomnia that I thought I'd never escape.	I'm so thankful for relatively good sleep now. About two years ago I had a serious bout of insomnia that I thought I'd never escape.	How did you fix it?
2	When I was ten my favorite friend moved to a new state. [SEP] Aw. That was probably devastating [SEP] I treid to keep in touch but we drifted away.  I hope he is happy in his life though.	I treid to keep in touch but we drifted away.  I hope he is happy in his life though.	I hope so too!
0	It truly seems that all my friends have a much better husband than I do.	It truly seems that all my friends have a much better husband than I do.	I'm sure that is definitely not true. What makes you think that?
2	My daughter had an end of the year play at school and I was one happy dad [SEP] That's awesome! Did she have a good time doing the play? [SEP] not really lol she was the cat and the fiddle. She doesnt like being the center of attention	not really lol she was the cat and the fiddle. She doesnt like being the center of attention	I now the feeling, I always had stage fright as a kid. Hopefully it wasn't too tough for her.
6	I used to rush home from school to catsh a soap opera [SEP] Really? Which one was it?  [SEP] Passions	Passions	Was that in the United States or somewhere else? I used to love All My Children and General Hospital. 
0	I sure am glad that we live in a free country. [SEP] Me too,  is there anything in particular you appreciate the most? [SEP] I am thankful for so many things. But I really appreciate our ability to worship as we see fit.	I am thankful for so many things. But I really appreciate our ability to worship as we see fit.	That's definitely a plus for us.
6	It was amazing sitting on the stage in that hug auditorium.	It was amazing sitting on the stage in that hug auditorium.	What event was taking place?
8	I put in an old Backstreet Boys album the other day and the memories came flying back!  [SEP] I used to love them. I cant believe that are still performing [SEP] I love them still! It's crazy how certain songs can make you remember the past!	I love them still! It's crazy how certain songs can make you remember the past!	I thought they were so much better that nsync too lol
5	I don't want to go on this Tinder date. Nothing good will come of it.	I don't want to go on this Tinder date. Nothing good will come of it.	Don't be so negative about it. Maybe you'll really like the person.
6	I was very sad when my company had left me alone the other day. [SEP] Your company left you alone? In what way? That does sound like a troubling situation. [SEP] They had to leave on an emergency and so then I was all by myself..	They had to leave on an emergency and so then I was all by myself..	Oh, I see. That makes a little more sense. Did everything work out, or are they still gone?
1	I've been working there only 3 months, but they recognized my performance that early. It feels awesome to be appreciated	I've been working there only 3 months, but they recognized my performance that early. It feels awesome to be appreciated	Congrats! That is a good feeling.
4	One of my best friend's other friends was talking bad about her to me. [SEP] Aww that's awful.  How did you handle it? [SEP] I told the girl that she was wrong about what she was saying about my best friend. And then told my best friend what happened.	I told the girl that she was wrong about what she was saying about my best friend. And then told my best friend what happened.	Yikes.  Sorry you had to go through that.  How did your best friend take it?
1	I am a drug addict. I need money for my addiction. So I rob teenagers outside college.	I am a drug addict. I need money for my addiction. So I rob teenagers outside college.	oh wow.. thats one way to get the job done
1	On my way home from work today I had to wait a really long time for the train the ended up being super crowded due to a police investigation somewhere down the line. [SEP] That is weird.  Do you know what happened? [SEP] Apparently it had to do with an unahtorized person on the tracks	Apparently it had to do with an unahtorized person on the tracks	That is creepy.  
0	My average in College was a C	My average in College was a C	That's pretty good.  you know what they say, "C's get degrees"!
6	I was at dinner the other night and spilled my drink all over myself.	I was at dinner the other night and spilled my drink all over myself.	That's no good! Did it stain your clothes?
3	when my long time girl friend left me , i felt so alone even tho i have family and friends around me i just was not there i lost a lot of weight too [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. That's a pretty common response to break ups. A lot of people go through it, so you're not alone! I hope you pull through soon. [SEP] thank you for your honest response , and i did get over it , just took a few months 	thank you for your honest response , and i did get over it , just took a few months 	That's great to hear! I'm sure you'll find someone better soon.
2	My daughter is aggravating me over not being allowed to be on the computer. [SEP] oh no, is she on computer too much? [SEP] She just isn't allowed to be on it on school days.	She just isn't allowed to be on it on school days.	you got a fair point. You would need to soften her with something else other wise children's will keep aggravate you 
4	So i found out my dad was cheating on my mom for 3 years. [SEP] Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. Does your mom know? [SEP] Yeah she is the one that told me. Apparently she managed to make him break it off finally.	Yeah she is the one that told me. Apparently she managed to make him break it off finally.	I am so sorry that your family is going through this horrible time. Is your dad unwilling to end the affair?
4	my friend ran away from her adopted parents. she told me nobody ever knew that they were very abusive. i feel so bad for her, i wanna help her but i don't know how	my friend ran away from her adopted parents. she told me nobody ever knew that they were very abusive. i feel so bad for her, i wanna help her but i don't know how	Oh that is such a tragic thing to hear. I'm so sorry. Where did she go when she ran away?
6	I went grocery shopping like I usually do today, but I did something different.	I went grocery shopping like I usually do today, but I did something different.	Oh, that's curious... By different, what do you mean? Did you buy different stuff, or go to a different store, or what?
5	I was pretty mad last week when my apartment was not sprayed like it was supposed to. Now I have bigs	I was pretty mad last week when my apartment was not sprayed like it was supposed to. Now I have bigs	Did you have someone come in to spray it? You can ask for a refund maybe
0	My friend learned to speak another language (quite fluently) in 3 months	My friend learned to speak another language (quite fluently) in 3 months	That's honestly really amazing, most people take forever to learn even a tiny bit of a foreign language.
2	I am pretty nervous about my doctors appointment on Thursday. [SEP] Oh no. Why are you nervous? [SEP] I don't know what is going to happen.  I've been having a lot of stomach pain and the doctors don't know what it is.  I have to go to a specialist on Thursday.	I don't know what is going to happen.  I've been having a lot of stomach pain and the doctors don't know what it is.  I have to go to a specialist on Thursday.	I hope it's just something you're eating.
8	Do you have any cats?	Do you have any cats?	Yeah I have one, but they're all over the place it seems like
2	My husband is going to accept a new job.  He's going to be out of state for two months.	My husband is going to accept a new job.  He's going to be out of state for two months.	That sounds like good news and bad. I hope you will be going with him someday. :)
3	My son was extremely sick but I had to be at work that day so I had to leave him with my mother in law	My son was extremely sick but I had to be at work that day so I had to leave him with my mother in law	That sounds awful. I hope he is better now!
8	I'm going camping next weekend. It's finally stopped raining. [SEP] Well, that sounds like fun! It's definitely much better without the rain.  [SEP] Hopefully, not as many mosquitos too!	Hopefully, not as many mosquitos too!	Yes, they are such a nuisance! Bring some bug spray for sure. And watch out for food hunting critters!
8	I've been considering adopting a cat, but I already have three dogs and I'm a bit afraid they won't take a liking to a new animal, much less a cat. [SEP] Yea that can be tough. What kind of dogs? Are they easy to train? [SEP] They're all huskies, so they're very smart dogs. Maybe I can slowly introduce them to the idea and keep them separated in different rooms.	They're all huskies, so they're very smart dogs. Maybe I can slowly introduce them to the idea and keep them separated in different rooms.	Yup. I did that with my new cat and it ended up working out OK.
8	My boyfriend and I broke up and he moved out.	My boyfriend and I broke up and he moved out.	That's really tough.  But one closed door leads to the next great opportunity.
4	The rain cancelled my plans for today.	The rain cancelled my plans for today.	I am so sorry.  That has been happening a lot lately on the East Coast.
3	Last summer I stayed with a friend as I was nearly broke.  I went the store to get food and got back $20 extra in change from the cashier and ended up keeping the money. [SEP] Oh wow, so it was extra money that was not yours? [SEP] Yeah so her drawer was short. I realized it later not while she gave me the change so that helped me justify keeping it.	Yeah so her drawer was short. I realized it later not while she gave me the change so that helped me justify keeping it.	I hope she didn't get in trouble for being short $20. 
3	i think someone is breaking into my apartment right now [SEP] Oh no! that's so scary [SEP] false alarm. it was the neighbors cat at the window	false alarm. it was the neighbors cat at the window	haha silly cat!
1	You know its funny, my first date used to be a bad memory, but now its kind of funny. [SEP] What happened on the date [SEP] Oh took the girl to a football game and she flirted with another guy the whole time. [SEP] A pro game? [SEP] High school.	High school.	oh thats nothing
5	A friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on Google stock and is a multi-millionaire.	A friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on Google stock and is a multi-millionaire.	Oh that would kill to see. Maybe he will hook you up.
7	My parents are coming to stay with us next week. [SEP] That is nice of them. [SEP] I already have the house all clean and the guest room ready for them.	I already have the house all clean and the guest room ready for them.	You are well prepared.
5	There's been noise at my door every night at the same time. I check and there isn't anything.	There's been noise at my door every night at the same time. I check and there isn't anything.	Maybe someone is playing a trick on you
1	We got to go to a game last weekend. I was so excited [SEP] how was the game! [SEP] It was very fun	It was very fun	thats cool
4	My neighbor always interrupts me when I talk.	My neighbor always interrupts me when I talk.	I'm sorry to hear that. Do you know why your neighbor does that to you?
7	my son used the pottty for the first time	my son used the pottty for the first time	Congratulations, looks like you guys will be saving a lot of money from no more diapers.
0	People need to stop letting their dogs poop in my yard! They aren't even respectful enough to clean it up! [SEP] that is ridiculous! that's annoying when people don't clean up after their dogs! I love going to the local park with my son and there is dog poop in the grassy areas [SEP] It's so gross! It can attract all sorts of bugs and rodents!	It's so gross! It can attract all sorts of bugs and rodents!	It is, plus it's so antisanitary
8	Last year a student I teach had a house fire.	Last year a student I teach had a house fire.	Oh no!  How terrible.  I hope no one was hurt.
7	I stay away from the dark. [SEP] Why do you do that? Are you scared of the dark? [SEP] It makes me think of bad things.	It makes me think of bad things.	Well that makes sense then. Good luck staying away from the dark.
2	I love seeing old friends.  [SEP] That is great, how long has it been since? [SEP] I don’t get out often	I don’t get out often	Well I hope you have fun!
1	My son took his first steps. [SEP] thats so cool. [SEP] Yes, I got it on video also.	Yes, I got it on video also.	thats great, happy for you
0	In these uncertain times, it's easy to be happy that I have a roof over my head. [SEP] That is so true.  [SEP] I think we can find little things to be thankful for wherever we look.	I think we can find little things to be thankful for wherever we look.	I am thankful for every day I get to spend with my children. 
2	I am working parent who also goes to school. It can be tough [SEP] I can imagine so! I bet you are one tired person when you hit the bed at night! [SEP] I am. But this is the first semester that all of the kids will be at school in the day time. I am going to kill it this semester	I am. But this is the first semester that all of the kids will be at school in the day time. I am going to kill it this semester	I hope you do! I really wish you the best.
7	My dog finally learned a new trick after months of training! [SEP] What is the trick [SEP] I taught her to roll over! I was so impressed with her!	I taught her to roll over! I was so impressed with her!	That is a good dog then
7	My 2 year old was such a good girl today out and I am very proud of her! [SEP] I bet you are a happy parent then [SEP] Yes I am because I was dreading even going out with her as she usually gets fussy real quick. 	Yes I am because I was dreading even going out with her as she usually gets fussy real quick. 	I guess thats all kids though
2	My dog of 10 years recently passed away.	My dog of 10 years recently passed away.	I truly do feel bad that you have to endure that. My girlfriend and I were just talking about how horrible she's going to feel when she loses her Havanese pup at some point in the distant future, since she's so close to her. I hope you can grieve the loss of your great friend in a healthy way.
8	I was out of work for a long time due to my company laying off. [SEP] Oh No, how long were you out of work for?  [SEP] It was almost 7 months, but I finally got hired somewhere else. Time to celebrate!	It was almost 7 months, but I finally got hired somewhere else. Time to celebrate!	I am sure it was super stressful but I am so happy for you now and yes pop the bubbly! 
8	I have a friend that has become a millionaire from trading cryptocurrency. [SEP] Thats one of my biggest regrets was not investing in it. Now the value has skyrocketed.  [SEP] Well they have plummeted back down so you can get in pretty cheap again, but it might not be a good idea at this point.	Well they have plummeted back down so you can get in pretty cheap again, but it might not be a good idea at this point.	I didnt know that. I guess not.
3	I got a pet hermit crab when I was on vacation in Hawaii, and I just found him dead this morning. [SEP] Oh no, I am sorry to hear that. [SEP] Yeah, I was crying a bit. We spent so much time together I would take him everywhere.	Yeah, I was crying a bit. We spent so much time together I would take him everywhere.	I hope you can find some comfort during this time!
8	Oh yes, he is going to be really mad. He loves his car, it's like his baby. [SEP] I bet he does.  [SEP] I want to tell him about it but I don't know how.	I want to tell him about it but I don't know how.	Just sit him down and tell him.
3	I told my friend that a guy didn't like her. I like him so I didn't want her to go after him. I feed bad though because he might have a thing for her. [SEP] What do you think you are going to do, are you going to talk to him and find out? [SEP] I guess to make things right, I'll find out and if he says he does like her, I'll just do what's right and try to get them together.  If we're not meant to be then we're not meant to be.	I guess to make things right, I'll find out and if he says he does like her, I'll just do what's right and try to get them together.  If we're not meant to be then we're not meant to be.	Or you could find out he has a thing for you!  I hope either way that it works out for all of you.
2	I'm eagerly awaiting my son going to kindergarten. [SEP] When does he start? [SEP] In about three weeks from now. I almost don't know how to feel about it, though.	In about three weeks from now. I almost don't know how to feel about it, though.	I am sure he will have fun.
0	My boyfriend told me that he thought the girl that works at the gas station is cute.	My boyfriend told me that he thought the girl that works at the gas station is cute.	That's a bit rude if you ask me.
7	I didn't get a job I interviewed for. [SEP] Dang that stinks, better luck next time. [SEP] Yep, I've already got more applicaions out :|	Yep, I've already got more applicaions out :|	thats good that you are trying!
7	This lady at the store kept flirting with me today [SEP] oh yeaaa do tell [SEP] Well I told her that i was happily married but thanks for the interest	Well I told her that i was happily married but thanks for the interest	ah snap!
7	I really like to learn and I'm so ready to go back to school. I can't wait for classes to start!	I really like to learn and I'm so ready to go back to school. I can't wait for classes to start!	Congratulations! What are you studying?
2	I hope i get the job i applied for last week	I hope i get the job i applied for last week	awesome! i will pray go for your work to be assigned to you
8	I was riding the train today, and some guy just had an open wound, practically gushing blood. He didn't seem to really mind and everyone else seemed to just be unphased by it. I guess that's city life for you. [SEP] I see that more in the country I guess. That would be horrifying. But maybe he is just immune to pain? [SEP] I don't know. Hard to tell if he was homeless or not. I felt bad for him, but I mean I didn't really have much to help him with. Hell, I don't even have health insurance myself, haha. So, since no one else reacted, I decided I shouldn't, either.	I don't know. Hard to tell if he was homeless or not. I felt bad for him, but I mean I didn't really have much to help him with. Hell, I don't even have health insurance myself, haha. So, since no one else reacted, I decided I shouldn't, either.	Sounds like he was ok. I've had injuries before and they weren't serious enough or worth the hassle of the emergency room. But he still had to take a trip to go somewhere. Don't be afraid to care though :) One person is all that is needed- Kindness is always good!
8	I lied to my girlfriend yesterday.  I feel awful about it [SEP] WHY ? what did you lie about?  [SEP] Something stupid.  I didn't want her to get mad but now I regret lying	Something stupid.  I didn't want her to get mad but now I regret lying	if you truly regret it you will tell her now, go and do that1
2	Did you ever see the movie Home Alone?  The movie scared me as a child [SEP] I saw it when I was much older but my parents didn't let me watch it when I was young.  I bet.  That wouldn't be like real life for really being left home alone.  [SEP] I was terrified to go into my basement after I saw that movie.  The furnace was so scary	I was terrified to go into my basement after I saw that movie.  The furnace was so scary	I forgot about that part!  Yes!  Terrifying!  Hope you didn't have too many nightmares over it.
5	Everyday I remind myself of how lucky I am to have a pair of supportive parents. [SEP] You are so right. It can make all the difference. [SEP] Yes, good parents are needed in order to successfully raise a child.	Yes, good parents are needed in order to successfully raise a child.	It is challenging to raise children. Everybody could use a hand.
4	I just received a phone call that I didn't get the job I applied for. I am devastated. 	I just received a phone call that I didn't get the job I applied for. I am devastated. 	Aww what a bummer! I am sorry to hear that, there are plenty of more jobs out there though, keep trying!
4	I was bummed out this mothers day because my mom disowned me and won't speak to me.	I was bummed out this mothers day because my mom disowned me and won't speak to me.	Oh wow, I am so sorry to hear that. May I ask what happened?
1	I was hopeful when the raptors got khawi leonard	I was hopeful when the raptors got khawi leonard	They might win the east
2	I have a day off tomorrow after 3 straight weeks of work and my throat is starting to bother me! Figures! [SEP] That is terrible, I hope you feel better! [SEP] Thanks, hopefully it's just a false alarm.	Thanks, hopefully it's just a false alarm.	Yeah, I hope so!
4	I get sentimental about my family, they mean a lot to me and I do not know what I would do without them	I get sentimental about my family, they mean a lot to me and I do not know what I would do without them	Families are really precious.
1	This lady at my work is so sweet, and no one there seems to like her. I feel so bad for her. [SEP] Oh, bless her heart. I hope you are nice to her. [SEP] I am.  I can tell she's lonely.  She told me her husband died awhile back so I think she's lonely too.	I am.  I can tell she's lonely.  She told me her husband died awhile back so I think she's lonely too.	That's really nice of you for being nice to her. I bet she is happy that you are her co-worker.
8	People used to be way more sociable.	People used to be way more sociable.	They did.  I've struggled with trying to be more social, I think it makes life more fun.
4	I applied for my dream job but I never got a call back.	I applied for my dream job but I never got a call back.	oh that's bad. I feel sorry for you.
3	it is always better to get what you deserve .. how do you  feel about this [SEP] I think so.  Generally getting more or less than what you deserve to get is unbalanced. [SEP] of course.. i felt it discouraging in some way.. 	of course.. i felt it discouraging in some way.. 	I can understand that.  Hopefully everything works out in the end though.
8	I found out recently that my school processed my financial aid paperwork improperly. So I won't be able to attend school this semester.	I found out recently that my school processed my financial aid paperwork improperly. So I won't be able to attend school this semester.	Oh no. That happened to my sister last year. We were able to work out a plan, but she had to get a loan temporarily.
2	I got to work yesterday and my coworkers threw me a party! [SEP] That's awesome! Was it your birthday? [SEP] It was! I was so surprised and happy that they remembered it and threw me a party. It was very nice.	It was! I was so surprised and happy that they remembered it and threw me a party. It was very nice.	Your friends care a lot of you and that's always a great feeling! I hope you had fun!
3	I'm sad, tomorrow will be the last time I get to see my friend before she leaves for college! [SEP] Oh that is sad. I hope you can spend some good time together then. [SEP] Yeah, we have a whole day planned, but I'll definitely miss her!	Yeah, we have a whole day planned, but I'll definitely miss her!	I hope you can also visit her there if you get the chance!
7	Ive been working very hard at work to get a promotion and I finally got it!  [SEP] How big of an advance was it? [SEP] Decent! Manager position and I am pleased with it for sure! 	Decent! Manager position and I am pleased with it for sure! 	Awesome, that is great, congratulations!
5	Yesterday we went hiking to the mountain and I didn't tell a friend we were going even when I knew she likes to come with us. [SEP] Oh wow. Did your friend do something to upset you or something like that? Or were you just wanting some alone time? [SEP] No, it was just because last time she was very slow and we had to wait for her, but of course I now feel bad about it.	No, it was just because last time she was very slow and we had to wait for her, but of course I now feel bad about it.	Well everyone has their pace. Maybe the next time you go you can invite her but take more time. It's fun, either way!
5	So excited to get my marks back from chemistry. [SEP] Which chemistry class are you taking? [SEP] It's organic chemistry, quite difficult so I was shocked at my 95%. [SEP] Yikes. organic chemistry was the last chemistry class I took.     Yuck reaction mechanisms... sn1 sn2 etc. [SEP] Exactly it's difficult to remember all that stuff. [SEP] yeah I wasn't a huge fan of the class. [SEP] What was your favorite class?	What was your favorite class?	Depends on what way you're talking about Maybe physics 1 or maybe calc II.  Thats where things really started to come together for how things work +  the math to understand how things work.
5	i wanted to order this miracle cure online but dont know if i should	i wanted to order this miracle cure online but dont know if i should	I don't think you should. Those are often scams.
8	I spent a ton of money on computer upgrades and purchasing a new game I was excited for. Turns out it's actually pretty boring.	I spent a ton of money on computer upgrades and purchasing a new game I was excited for. Turns out it's actually pretty boring.	I'm sure there'll be other games it will be useful for.
7	A few years ago, I thought I had breast cancer. It was such a scary time, but I tried to think positive.  [SEP] I bet you were terrified!  Did everything turn out okay? [SEP] I was. And, yes, it did. I am so glad it did. I guess it's true what they say about the power of positive thinking.	I was. And, yes, it did. I am so glad it did. I guess it's true what they say about the power of positive thinking.	Very true!  I'm glad it worked for you
3	Every time I tell my Mom about something my child did that is so neat to me, my sister-in-law chimes in about something her child did to top it. It drives me crazy. [SEP] That's funny, likes it's an extension as who they are as a person [SEP] Yeah, I try to be understanding because she seems like she feels like she has something to prove when I'm all about not competing and having understanding for people's lives.  I have even said that in a nicer way and it doesn't get through to her. Its made being around her unbearable which is sad.	Yeah, I try to be understanding because she seems like she feels like she has something to prove when I'm all about not competing and having understanding for people's lives.  I have even said that in a nicer way and it doesn't get through to her. Its made being around her unbearable which is sad.	I see, yeah sometimes you just gotta lead by example
4	Another year, Another disappointed me, no father no nothing.	Another year, Another disappointed me, no father no nothing.	That sounds so sad.  I'm sorry you aren't feeling happy.  What is going on?
3	I was waiting to hear back on a loan so I can buy a car. Everything should be ok but I am getting nervous waiting on it. [SEP] you try calling for a status update? [SEP] I did. The loan officer was very kind but they seemed to be taking forever.	I did. The loan officer was very kind but they seemed to be taking forever.	ah it happens i guess
5	I saw someone who was making much more money than me doing a the same thing as me but a very bad job. But I still wished I was on their place and paid as much	I saw someone who was making much more money than me doing a the same thing as me but a very bad job. But I still wished I was on their place and paid as much	I know what you mean, maybe ask if the place is hiring? 
6	I'm trying to cook a new dish for the first time. I think its going to turn out well.	I'm trying to cook a new dish for the first time. I think its going to turn out well.	What dish are you trying out?
3	The other day at work one of my coworkers ate my lunch I left in the break room fridge. [SEP] i bet you were frustrated with them. Did you confront them? [SEP] No, I was just upset and confused about why someone would do that. 	No, I was just upset and confused about why someone would do that. 	I agree. Im sorry for that. I hope they didnt get you too sad. Maybe they thought it wsa theirs for some reason
6	My son finally graduated high school. [SEP] That is wonderful. Is he now considering going to college? [SEP] He is wanting to go to college, but not sure where yet. He really struggled through this last year, but finally made it!	He is wanting to go to college, but not sure where yet. He really struggled through this last year, but finally made it!	Good for him. Has he taken any SAT tests yet?
3	The rainy weather makes me nervous. I hate driving in it [SEP] Me too, I hate driving in it. It is sometime to difficult to see the road. [SEP] Yeah I hate that too	Yeah I hate that too	Anyway, now, it is summer. There is less rainy days.
8	I'm not the best cook but I'm gonna try to make a pizza today. I think its gonna be great.	I'm not the best cook but I'm gonna try to make a pizza today. I think its gonna be great.	Just be careful not to burn it.
2	"My oldest girls are just over a year apart. I wasn't expecting to have another baby so soon. [SEP] How many kids would that be now? [SEP] That makes 3 girls. They keep me on my toes.	That makes 3 girls. They keep me on my toes.	hahaha I bet they do! 
5	My husband  had to go out of town for work so I've been home alone this week. [SEP] Oh, I'm sure that's a bit boring have you had fun stuff to do? [SEP] No, actually I've been having the worst time.  I know I'm perfectly safe, but I feel like someone is going to break in or something.  I cannot sleep at all at night and end up sleeping during the day.	No, actually I've been having the worst time.  I know I'm perfectly safe, but I feel like someone is going to break in or something.  I cannot sleep at all at night and end up sleeping during the day.	I'm sorry to hear that. If your neighborhood is rough take precautions, otherwise maybe try to find a tea or something to help sooth.
4	My dog died last week. I've been so depressed without her.	My dog died last week. I've been so depressed without her.	I am sorry to hear that.
4	So the new paper boy tried to toss the paper over the fence and ended up breaking my window.	So the new paper boy tried to toss the paper over the fence and ended up breaking my window.	Haha i am sorry to laugh. Is it an expensive window to fix.
5	My friend is having a baby. What do you think would be a nice gift for a newly expecting mother?	My friend is having a baby. What do you think would be a nice gift for a newly expecting mother?	A new mom? Good question, maybe offer to mow their lawn? I don't really know haha
0	My exhusband left me for his best friend's wife on my birthday. [SEP] That is awful!  You deserve so much better [SEP] Thank you for your kind words. It was really hard to deal with at the time.	Thank you for your kind words. It was really hard to deal with at the time.	I know.  I am so sorry that you had to go through that. 
1	Last month I saved my dog. He fell in the river and was drowning	Last month I saved my dog. He fell in the river and was drowning	You are so brave to do that!
7	I have always been faithful to my girlfiend of almost 3 years [SEP] and... ?  what is going on? [SEP] Nothing, I just thought it was worth bragging about, it seems rare these days	Nothing, I just thought it was worth bragging about, it seems rare these days	Oh ok.. I was scared for a minute there.  Congratulations on your successful relationship! LOL
3	I've been having a sharp pain in my chest lately. Tomorrow, I go to the doctors and I am optimistic it isn't something too serious... [SEP] Where on your chest? [SEP] I think near my lungs, I'm hopeful it's nothing serious.	I think near my lungs, I'm hopeful it's nothing serious.	Hopefully it works out for you
1	I think I did very well in my work and will have a fantastic design to show my boss! [SEP] When will you show your boss the design? [SEP] Monday morning! I did my best to get it done before the weekend so I can tinker with the asthetics if needed	Monday morning! I did my best to get it done before the weekend so I can tinker with the asthetics if needed	That is a smart move by you.
3	The weekend was so chill and quiet. Now my kids are back [SEP] are they being loud and annoying like usual? [SEP] Yes. I think they have gotten even louder since they left Saturday. Geez.	Yes. I think they have gotten even louder since they left Saturday. Geez.	Ugh, well good think mine are still at summer camp.
5	I was worried that I wouldn't make it to the bank in time to make my deposit. I didn't want my checks to bounce. [SEP] Oh that sounds scary! [SEP] I was scared I would not make it but thankfully I did. It was frightening to think of all those overdraft fees.	I was scared I would not make it but thankfully I did. It was frightening to think of all those overdraft fees.	I could only imagine!
3	He's a good worker but not as reliable as I am. He is always calling in or not putting much effort into his work. I feel I should have gotten that position. [SEP] That's a shame, if that's the case then I agree. [SEP] Thank you! Maybe I'll get another chance down the road but it still hurts a little. Has that ever happened to you?	Thank you! Maybe I'll get another chance down the road but it still hurts a little. Has that ever happened to you?	Not really, but I hope you're alright.
1	My husband threw away a very important document yesterday and I was so mad at himk. [SEP] Oh no! what was it and what will you do? [SEP] It was a very important tax document and I have to get in touch with the IRS to get a copy!	It was a very important tax document and I have to get in touch with the IRS to get a copy!	That would make me so mad!
4	We have had some big rain storms this spring and summer. The creek behind my house got in my yard twice. Very scary. [SEP] oh no! that's scary! The house didn't get flooded, right? [SEP] Not this time. But it did a little bit in 2009. and the mud and mess was unbelievably hard to clean up. 	Not this time. But it did a little bit in 2009. and the mud and mess was unbelievably hard to clean up. 	i'm sorry to hear that!
1	I am proud of my partner that is doing treatment and doing it on his own for once. He never has picked up anything to work on himself..BY himself before.	I am proud of my partner that is doing treatment and doing it on his own for once. He never has picked up anything to work on himself..BY himself before.	That is great news.
2	I was going on a weekend to the lake but ended up getting sick.  [SEP] That's unfortunate. Did you have the flu? [SEP] A really bad cold/cough.  It definitely has me in bed.  I was so looking forward to the fun time.	A really bad cold/cough.  It definitely has me in bed.  I was so looking forward to the fun time.	Your next adventure will go much smoother. I once got a really bad rash in Hawaii when I visited.
3	Kind of bummed now since I was supposed to meet my best friend later tonight, but he got stuck at work suddenly.	Kind of bummed now since I was supposed to meet my best friend later tonight, but he got stuck at work suddenly.	oh wow, that does suck! Hopefully you can push it to another day this week.
4	I was pretty lonely last night as it was Friday	I was pretty lonely last night as it was Friday	I am sorry that you had to go through that.  
6	I am really looking forward this weekend because a good friend of mine got some concert tickets.	I am really looking forward this weekend because a good friend of mine got some concert tickets.	Oh that's cool! What kind of concert is it?
7	A friend of mine is setting the bar really high by going to get her second masters degree.	A friend of mine is setting the bar really high by going to get her second masters degree.	Oh man! Good luck to her, are you envious?
1	I don't have much more money to keep living as a college student. But I just have one more year left. After that, hopefully things stabilize. [SEP] It's great that you only have one more year left! What are you getting a degree in? [SEP] Thanks! I appreciate that. I actually am getting a degree in social work. At the moment, I'm just trying not to become the needy/helpless demographic I seek to serve in a career after I graduate	Thanks! I appreciate that. I actually am getting a degree in social work. At the moment, I'm just trying not to become the needy/helpless demographic I seek to serve in a career after I graduate	I totally get that! I am still trying to pay off my student loans. 
5	So, my best friend did something I had a very hard time forgiving him for	So, my best friend did something I had a very hard time forgiving him for	mind telling me what happened maybe i could help you?
5	my little brother is always farting its the grossest thing ive ever smelled. [SEP] Lol brothers.. mine was the same when we were little [SEP] thats terrible Im not siure if I can deal with it anylonger 	thats terrible Im not siure if I can deal with it anylonger 	MAybe try having a serious talk
4	I ate dinner by myself again.	I ate dinner by myself again.	Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that
8	When I go to church, I know that the lord is taking care of me. [SEP] That must be a good feeling. [SEP] It is, the bond between us is unbreakable.	It is, the bond between us is unbreakable.	I use to go to church when I was little.
0	Sunday will be so fun, I can't wait! We're going on a roadtrip [SEP] Sounds amazing! Are you going any place in particular? [SEP] We're driving down to the beach, it's been a whil	We're driving down to the beach, it's been a whil	Beaches are fun! I don't even know the last time I've been to a beach.
2	I saw someone putting mayo on their ice cream. [SEP] Really? lol [SEP] It was so nasty to look at.	It was so nasty to look at.	It will be
5	I went to the Grand Canyon for the first time during winter. It was breathtaking. 	I went to the Grand Canyon for the first time during winter. It was breathtaking. 	I've never been there. I think it would be intimidating.
1	My daughter is the best.I am so proud of her. [SEP] What did she accomplish? [SEP] She just got accepted  in Harvard.	She just got accepted  in Harvard.	WOW... that is a biggie!
7	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining.it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store ". [SEP] When you feel rain ... sometimes you feel its magic ... ask the children [SEP] i agree . but i think that will only work if i willingly go under the rain.  [SEP] you're right ... then the umbrella always at hand [SEP] it was just unfortunate that i did not check the weather before going out [SEP] of everything, there is always something to learn [SEP] this is very true . for sure i will always check before stepping out	this is very true . for sure i will always check before stepping out	good luck with your learning
0	I get so aggravated when I clean up the house then my kids make a mess.	I get so aggravated when I clean up the house then my kids make a mess.	yeah that makes me mad too
0	I feel so alone in this life. Like no one could possible undertand me.	I feel so alone in this life. Like no one could possible undertand me.	I understand that feeling sometimes.
8	I just saw a brown recluse crawling on my desk.	I just saw a brown recluse crawling on my desk.	I just found one in my toilet the other night!
6	I brought my car to the garage for a simple oil change last week. When I went to pick it up they had done $600 of repairs. I can't believe it!	I brought my car to the garage for a simple oil change last week. When I went to pick it up they had done $600 of repairs. I can't believe it!	You can't believe they did it without asking or that the car needed the repairs?
8	robin williams was my hero so sad still that he passed [SEP] What were your favorite movies he did? [SEP] Mrs Doubfire, i watched it so many times when i was a kid	Mrs Doubfire, i watched it so many times when i was a kid	That is a favorite of mine too! He was so good in it.
1	There was this party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours because she was moving away. I totally accidentally spilled wine on their light colored carpet. I was mortified because so many people were there, if it had just been my friend then I probably wouldnt have been such a big deal to me. [SEP] Oh no, did people make you feel bad for the accident? [SEP] No but they weren't exactly helpful either. The host of the party and the girl she threw it for helped me try and clean it up best as I could but others were just passive and unhelpful.	No but they weren't exactly helpful either. The host of the party and the girl she threw it for helped me try and clean it up best as I could but others were just passive and unhelpful.	That sucks, if everyone pitched in to help it probably would've been cleaned up in record time.
1	I went to a fast food drive thru and the cashier refused to give me my correct change or the receipt.	I went to a fast food drive thru and the cashier refused to give me my correct change or the receipt.	That would make me angry, and it is impossible to deal with in a drive thru.
2	I felt so sad about my friend's new puppy that died suddenly. The puppy got so sick that it passed away in a few days. [SEP] thats horrible so sad :/ [SEP] Yeah, my friend was so hurt. The puppy had parvo which is difficult sometimes to help cure.	Yeah, my friend was so hurt. The puppy had parvo which is difficult sometimes to help cure.	i bet it is, so sad.
2	When my daughter was  born I was so happy and excited. 	When my daughter was  born I was so happy and excited. 	I bet! always good when new life is born.
4	my cat died last week, and i can't get over it.	my cat died last week, and i can't get over it.	Oh I'm so sorry. Losing a pet is never an easy thing.
6	I just got a huge job promotion 4 months earlier than expected because I brought in so many new clients. [SEP] Well, you definitely deserve it then! [SEP] Yeah, I've put in the hard work.	Yeah, I've put in the hard work.	How much of a raise are you getting?
2	I ordered some chicken the other day and I had ate some before I realized it was still pink. [SEP] Oh no! I would have been so disgusted! And mad! [SEP] I was both. I almost went to the hospital because i had gotten sick later, but it didn't last very long. 	I was both. I almost went to the hospital because i had gotten sick later, but it didn't last very long. 	That sounds awful. I hope you filed a complaint with the restaurant!  
3	My friend was supposed to meet me at my apartment so we could eat at Starbucks.  But she ended up wanting a full body back rub.  It was a nice change of plans. [SEP] Oh, that's...interesting. That does sound like a nice change of plans, not only because Starbucks not seem that fun anyway. Hopefully she returned the favor? [SEP] Still waiting on that one hahaha	Still waiting on that one hahaha	Well, hopefully she doesn't keep you waiting for very long, if everything else is right! But maybe be more patient than even you think you need to be in order to play it safe, so she doesn't get scared off, so to speak. Sounds like it will be worth it in the end.
3	I feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. I just did not feel like going anywhere [SEP] Why didn't you want to go anywhere? [SEP] I was just tired and stressed	I was just tired and stressed	Well, in that case it's better that you just relax.
1	I can't wait till next week.  School starts on Monday. [SEP] That's great! Are you in school or teaching? [SEP] Both actually.  Im a teacher but I am taking a class on the side too.	Both actually.  Im a teacher but I am taking a class on the side too.	That's awesome! I am currently in college myself. I actually just finished two summer courses today. Not going to lie though, I could use a bit of a break before the fall semester begins.
2	I am glad I didnt quit my job last month	I am glad I didnt quit my job last month	Yes! I always regret when I impulse quit a job.
8	I am ready for the end of summer party.	I am ready for the end of summer party.	oh yea im the same, gonna be wild.
8	I've been with my girlfriend for years and we are celebrating our anniversary soon. I feel like I need to marry her because she's the one for me. [SEP] Congratulations!  Do you want to marry her though?  Don't jump into a marriage because it's what people expect. If you're happy as you are, just be happy! [SEP] I do want to marry her and I would want to do it because she's my best friend and I confide everything in her.	I do want to marry her and I would want to do it because she's my best friend and I confide everything in her.	Then go for it!!  Go buy that engagement ring and set up a beautiful proposal.
2	My friends 3 year old is able to ride a skateboard with ease! I was amazed at his skill! [SEP] Nice, it's like little kids can learn anything! [SEP] Yeah, I just couldn't get over how well he was able to balance!	Yeah, I just couldn't get over how well he was able to balance!	That's awesome, hope he goes far
7	I have received an e-mail response from a company inviting me for an interview. I am so thrilled for hearing back from them [SEP] That is great, is it far from home? [SEP] It is only 10 miles driving. I hope I can just go and nail the whole interview, leaving the whole crew impressed with my skills	It is only 10 miles driving. I hope I can just go and nail the whole interview, leaving the whole crew impressed with my skills	That is not bad at all, best of luck with that!
7	I knew my team was going to win over the weekend. I had a good feeling [SEP] did they? [SEP] They won 2 of 4	They won 2 of 4	thats good
0	I love super hero movies now [SEP] What is your favorite super hero movie? [SEP] wonder woman. She was fierce	wonder woman. She was fierce	To be honest, it seemed quite childish for me
3	I was so apprehensive to check my mail today, but my heart erupted when I realized that I had 5 acceptance letters to medical school! [SEP] Wow, you must be very brilliant [SEP] Awww, you are very sweet to say that. I don't think I am, I just applied to quite a number of schools and kept my fingers crossed.	Awww, you are very sweet to say that. I don't think I am, I just applied to quite a number of schools and kept my fingers crossed.	For them to really give you that, that means you got sharp brain
4	I let a stranger borrow my cellphone to make a phone call, but he ended up dashing off with my phone [SEP] Oh no! I would have been furious! Were you able to catch him? [SEP] No, but what was even more devastating was that there was a forest fire in the area, so I also ended up losing my house :( 	No, but what was even more devastating was that there was a forest fire in the area, so I also ended up losing my house :( 	Oh im so sorry! I bet your are devestated! I would be tool.
7	so proud of my son , he said his first words yesterday [SEP] Amazing! How old is he?  [SEP] 16 months	16 months	Adorable so happy for you! 
1	I was nervous when starting a new school. I knew no one	I was nervous when starting a new school. I knew no one	That can be one of the hardest parts of life. Very tough
4	My stepdad passed away and my mother moved in with my sister.	My stepdad passed away and my mother moved in with my sister.	Aww I'm sorry for your loss. How is your family holding up?
5	i got my sister a line on my cell phone line [SEP] I bet she was really happy about that.  [SEP] she was, but I am not. I think she has paid on time maybe twice in two years [SEP] Yikes, that would drive me crazy. [SEP] It drives me more than crazy! I wouldnt do that to anyone [SEP] It would drive me crazy also, she should be more considerate.  [SEP] exactly	exactly	Maybe she will start paying on time.
4	I had an argument last week with my wife. She told me that she want to divorce and that I am not the father of our son. I felt destroyed.	I had an argument last week with my wife. She told me that she want to divorce and that I am not the father of our son. I felt destroyed.	Sheesh that's heavy.  Sorry to hear that.  Have you talked it over yet or no
2	I am currently waiting for my grades to be released. I took a final on Monday. Ive been pacing around like crazy waiting to hear what I made. [SEP] Good luck! Hope you do well [SEP] Thanks. I really need the time to hurry up and pass.	Thanks. I really need the time to hurry up and pass.	I'm sure you'll get a good grade if you prepared well
4	I was scared when my dad had a heart attack. I thought he was going to die	I was scared when my dad had a heart attack. I thought he was going to die	Sorry to hear that. Is he better now?
0	So i was putting some stuff in my attic and i noticed a terrible smell. [SEP] Oh no! I am afraid to ask what it was.... but what was it? [SEP] I found a dead rat up there, now im worried i might have more	I found a dead rat up there, now im worried i might have more	Yuck! You better put a trap up there. You know they have these wireless web cams these days for really cheap so it may be a good idea to get one of those so you know for sure if you have an infestation.
3	I almost hit a deer driving down the highway a few days ago. [SEP] Wow, thank goodness you didnt hit it, for youre sake and the deer [SEP] Indeed, I had to swerve around though and I think I messed up one of my tires.	Indeed, I had to swerve around though and I think I messed up one of my tires.	That can happen, Ive seen deer walk across a highway
5	I live by myself. My apartment seems really empty some time.  [SEP] I know that feeling.  I have a husband and a boyfriend living here and it still feels empty. [SEP] That's really intersting? Maybe you need a cat to help?	That's really intersting? Maybe you need a cat to help?	Maybe maybe LOL.. I have four dogs.. argh!
2	I am so happy I graduated college.	I am so happy I graduated college.	I bet! It has to feel like a huge accomplishment.
3	Watching someone stream an old video game on Twitch, one that I used to play. It's one that's like almost 20 years old, that I used to play when I was 11. Makes me wish I didn't have so many bills and responsibilities! [SEP] Adulting is hard that's for sure. Start playing it and streaming and make some money. [SEP] Haha, I doubt anyone would watch me. I'm not terrible in terms of personality, but I'm just another person. Twitch is all about luck. But I appreciate your thought! Obviously there were some crappy things about being a kid, too.I wish we could just hit a switch and be able to go back and forth every now and then. [SEP] I just read that youth was wasted on the young. lol Kind of apropos. [SEP] I've always loved that saying. It's always so easy for one side, the young, to hate the other, the old. Oh well. Perspective is always key.	I've always loved that saying. It's always so easy for one side, the young, to hate the other, the old. Oh well. Perspective is always key.	It's funny how you learn things as you get older even if you aren't doing major things. Little things you can learn a lot from
6	I'm going to see a film tonight at the cinema.	I'm going to see a film tonight at the cinema.	oh really? what movie?
6	I found my high school yearbook this morning. I spent the whole day going through it.	I found my high school yearbook this morning. I spent the whole day going through it.	good memories?
6	Super upset with a company I thought was trustworthy.	Super upset with a company I thought was trustworthy.	Why what did they do to betray your trust?
8	I just won a bet against my friend while watching the horse races. [SEP] That's great! What did you win? [SEP] $400 thanks to Red. I opted not to bet with a big group because I don't know much about horses.	$400 thanks to Red. I opted not to bet with a big group because I don't know much about horses.	I don't blame you. I don't know anything about Horses, but congrats on winning the bet
0	I'm always ready for anything [SEP] That's good! Always smart to be prepared! [SEP] Yup! Although I carry a lot of stuff around just in case.	Yup! Although I carry a lot of stuff around just in case.	Yeah, I always make sure to have things like band-aids or tape with me in case of emergencies.
7	I am mad about tomorrow. My team meeting has been pushed up on short notice [SEP] Oh no, I hate when that happens [SEP] Yeah, I guess I will have to prepare even more tonight	Yeah, I guess I will have to prepare even more tonight	Good luck, lots of coffee!
6	My dad wants me to work this job that I am completely uninterested in.	My dad wants me to work this job that I am completely uninterested in.	Have you voiced your opinion to him yet?
2	I'm really happy with how things are going at work right now.  I just got a raise, and a promotion.	I'm really happy with how things are going at work right now.  I just got a raise, and a promotion.	That's great! I hope things continue to go well for ya.
0	We have some very bad storms headed our way this evening, possible tornadoes too.	We have some very bad storms headed our way this evening, possible tornadoes too.	Please be prepared ahead of time. I know that situation can be scary so it's best to be ready.
2	My friend recommended me for a job at his company. I am so happy he thought of me. [SEP] How nice of him!! you should be thankful to him!! [SEP] Trust me. If I get this job I will be getting him a thank you gift.	Trust me. If I get this job I will be getting him a thank you gift.	now how nice of you!! thats what  are friends for. I Hope you will get a job and your friend will get a gift!!
8	I'm so annoyed, a coworker of mine was asking me questions about an argument that happened between me and another coworker and I told her what was the problem and then we talked a bout it, I thought she was concerned because I seemed upset but the next day she started telling everyone to make me look like a bad person [SEP] I've had a similar experience with a gossiping coworker. It made the workplace such an uncomfortable environment! [SEP] Yes and I learned my lesson I won't confide so easily to people !	Yes and I learned my lesson I won't confide so easily to people !	It's a good lesson to learn! Don't worry about it too much. I am sure that the truth will surface eventually.
4	I was really looking forward to going to a picnic I had planned on Sunday, but it is gonna rain... [SEP] Oh no! Maybe you can plan to enjoy a picnic the following weekend. [SEP] Yes, we are working on rescheduling it now. Just really gutted the weather didn't cooperate... Oh well.	Yes, we are working on rescheduling it now. Just really gutted the weather didn't cooperate... Oh well.	Sorry to hear that. Hope the weather is better next time!
0	You wanna know the most contented and peaceful time of day?	You wanna know the most contented and peaceful time of day?	Tell me more,i would love to know!
1	I studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when I got the results back, I was disappointed to see a low mark. [SEP] Did you get sleepy while studying? [SEP] I had lots of coffee so I did not. I was very focused on studying.	I had lots of coffee so I did not. I was very focused on studying.	i would have fallen asleep for sure.
5	I miss when my kids were younger. They wanted to spend a lot of time with me. Now they are too old for that stuff. [SEP] Well, kids eventually grow and become independent. Maybe you can try and go fishing with them or something? Or a family picnic? [SEP] Well they would rather hang out with their friends. I will try to bribe them with money.	Well they would rather hang out with their friends. I will try to bribe them with money.	That would work too! Or maybe a good meal?
1	I just watched my first born graduate from High school."	I just watched my first born graduate from High school."	Congrats to your son/daughter! They grow up so fast
6	I got a parcel the other day that I wasn't expecting	I got a parcel the other day that I wasn't expecting	Well that's intriguing. What was in it? 
0	I didn't get the big promotion at work. [SEP] Oh no! I'm so sorry!  Are you able to be up for another one soon? [SEP] There are promotions that come up quite often within my company, so I am hoping for another chance within the month.	There are promotions that come up quite often within my company, so I am hoping for another chance within the month.	Oh great! That's sooner than in my company.  I know you'll get one. Just keep working hard and good luck!
8	the braves are really good, i just dont know if we have the pitching to make a run [SEP] I'm a Reds fan myself........I know the Braves have a good chance of winning their division and I agree, probably not made for a deep playoff ren. [SEP] at least you guys have votto!	at least you guys have votto!	Yeah....I have no complaints with him.....his salary is too big for the franchise but that ain't his fault.
2	MY daughter is gonna go pick up a pizza for us. I am so hungry [SEP] What kind of pizza? Now you're making me hungry! [SEP] supreme pizza. It is gonna be great. I wish she would hurry up	supreme pizza. It is gonna be great. I wish she would hurry up	Oh man, I bet that is gonna hit the spot!
8	It warms my heart to have my parents to have such a good relationship with my kids [SEP] It's great that your kids are having such a great relationship with their grandparents. [SEP] It really is.  Does your family live close to you?	It really is.  Does your family live close to you?	Yea, they do, but they're getting old. Makes me scared.
3	I was pretty annoyed at the store earlier. The cashiers were being slow [SEP] Did they just not care? [SEP] I think so, that must be the case	I think so, that must be the case	Sometimes they are tired at the end of their shift. It happens
8	I thought I won a lot of money in a lottery, but I was just reading the ticket wrong.	I thought I won a lot of money in a lottery, but I was just reading the ticket wrong.	Ouch, that is a bit of a false alarm/bummer.
0	My friend works 2 jobs to support her 3 kids	My friend works 2 jobs to support her 3 kids	thats a strong woman , i know of people that dont work at all a refuse to pay child support , in my eyes they are not men
8	Pretty sure my pet fish ran away today.	Pretty sure my pet fish ran away today.	lmao how the heck did that happen
7	I spilled some generic baby soap all over the carpet the other day and had to leave it for about an hour while I tended to a more urgent matter. I came back and it had bleached the carpet! [SEP] OH that's terrible. Even worse that's in baby soap? [SEP] Yes!! I was like Im glad I had not used this kind on my child before! It was a new bottle that fell from a shelf and broke open!	Yes!! I was like Im glad I had not used this kind on my child before! It was a new bottle that fell from a shelf and broke open!	Well you dodged one bullet.
6	I couldnt help myself esteem	I couldnt help myself esteem	oh no. what happened?
1	While in a grocery store I told my son he couldn't have the snack he asked for, and he began screaming at the top of his lungs! [SEP] I can relate to that! It's so mortifying because everyone begins to look at you like you're a bad parent! [SEP] Exactly! I felt like all eyes were on me and they were judging me! He normally doesn't act that way. I guess he was just tired.	Exactly! I felt like all eyes were on me and they were judging me! He normally doesn't act that way. I guess he was just tired.	That's usually the main culprit of those situations!
8	I miss being a kid	I miss being a kid	I do as well
6	I hate scary movies!	I hate scary movies!	Do you?  Me too!  Which one is your favorite?
0	My friend just got a job paying 20k more than me. I've got more experience	My friend just got a job paying 20k more than me. I've got more experience	That sucks.  If it makes you feel even slightly better,  the dumbest, most imcompent coworker I have makes more than me... because you know.. nepotism.
8	My neighbor is a drug addict. I hear him talking alone and I see him having weird behavior. [SEP] Well, you should call 911. He might be dangerous anytime for the people in the surroundings [SEP] I already did. The police never did something about it. I am always scared when I get out of my appartment because of him.	I already did. The police never did something about it. I am always scared when I get out of my appartment because of him.	you ought to be careful
0	I got a friend that I will never let drive me anywhere ever again. [SEP] Oh no! What happened? [SEP] They were weaving in and out of traffic while texting on their cell phone and messing with the radio all at the same time. I wanted out of that car!	They were weaving in and out of traffic while texting on their cell phone and messing with the radio all at the same time. I wanted out of that car!	I know how that feels, and anyone who doesn't consider the safety of others isn't that great of a person.
0	I hate seeing anything about people hurting children [SEP] I hear you. Sometimes the realities and brutal nature of the world is hard to learn and know about. Almost makes you want to be ignorant to it all. Did you recently encounter this? [SEP] I didnt, i just saw it on the news and it reminded me of how much it bothers me	I didnt, i just saw it on the news and it reminded me of how much it bothers me	Yeah, it's also kind of disgusting how much the news plays those stories up, because they know it garners views. The kind of "if it bleeds, it leads" idea. But I guess we're the people that eat it up and make them do that.
1	I was happy when my dad got to retire. He worked hard for it [SEP] Congrats to your father! At what age did he get to finally relax!? [SEP] He was in his mid 60s	He was in his mid 60s	Good for him! He sounds like an awesome guy. 
0	I love looking after my grandma! She is 94 and it makes me feel good to help her in any way I can!	I love looking after my grandma! She is 94 and it makes me feel good to help her in any way I can!	That is absolutely wonderful! What a great grandchild you are. Not everyone wants to care for elderly relatives.
2	I wont ever forget the day my daughter said "mommy" the first time. 	I wont ever forget the day my daughter said "mommy" the first time. 	I bet. That's so sweet.
6	My son got in big trouble at school.  He was very mean to his best friend, and I had to call his mom and explain what had happened. [SEP] That's terrible when friends fight. What was it over? [SEP] He wasn't even upset with his friend, he was upset with someone else.  I felt so bad having to explain it to his friends mom. [SEP] That's got to be a tough phone call to make. Did you two make amends or is she very upset? [SEP] She was fine with it.  She knew he was in big trouble at home.	She was fine with it.  She knew he was in big trouble at home.	Uh oh don't want to be that kid that's for sure!
0	I got a hotdog lunch the other day with my last 5.95 and I dropped it while I was getting into my car. [SEP] That's the worst.  No money and now hungry. [SEP] I wanted to cry, but then I just toughened up and wondered why I was so broke, so I got a second job.	I wanted to cry, but then I just toughened up and wondered why I was so broke, so I got a second job.	I know how that goes. I got a side job so I could help pay off debt to get a house.
0	I recently asked a coworker of mine to cover a shift for another employee. [SEP] Where they able to cover for the other employee? [SEP] Yes, they were happy to take the hours.	Yes, they were happy to take the hours.	That's good, I know what it's like when you can't get a shift covered and your just understaffed and scrambling the whole day.
3	I am angry with how my neighbors talk to their dogs. [SEP] I can't stand people who treat animals horribly. [SEP] They yell at them everytime they go outside for the MINUTES they are out there and they get harassed the whole time until they don't want to get off the porch..then they get yelled at more! I rehabilitate dogs from such issues..and this gal is GIVING them complexes!	They yell at them everytime they go outside for the MINUTES they are out there and they get harassed the whole time until they don't want to get off the porch..then they get yelled at more! I rehabilitate dogs from such issues..and this gal is GIVING them complexes!	I hope you call the cops on them, so they can go to jail for animal abuse.
0	I saw a dog eating a dead bird on the ground.	I saw a dog eating a dead bird on the ground.	eww thats awful.
2	My friends have been practicing for weeks. I think they'll do well at the volleyball match [SEP] Are they usually a winning team? [SEP] It'll be their first match.	It'll be their first match.	Oh wow,  I hope they do well.  
2	I purchased my first new vehicle yesterday.	I purchased my first new vehicle yesterday.	That must be very exciting! I hope to get a new vehicle soon as well.
5	Last night, I did the most unfortunate thing. I ate three entire bags of Totinos 250 count pizza rolls.	Last night, I did the most unfortunate thing. I ate three entire bags of Totinos 250 count pizza rolls.	Think I've done that, too. No regrets, my friend.
2	I just found out the small company I work for is going out of business. I cried all day Friday when I found out because I love working for them [SEP] I am so sorry to hear this. I am sure you will find another job, but it doesn't make it any less painful. [SEP] I am worried about finding another job too because I don't have a degree for what I was doing because they taught me how to do it so now I'm not sure who will demand I have a degree.	I am worried about finding another job too because I don't have a degree for what I was doing because they taught me how to do it so now I'm not sure who will demand I have a degree.	Just have faith, I am sure it will all turn out!
3	I spend way too much money on food. [SEP] That's a tough one. Do you eat out a lot? That's usually the culprit. I had to learn how to cook for myself so I could afford to live. [SEP] I get food delivered several times a week. It's terrible.	I get food delivered several times a week. It's terrible.	Oh man, that's doubly terrible! Yeah, if you can, you should try to make a budget and get better at cooking for yourself. Huge money saver, but I'm sure you already knew that. I hope it works for you, though.
2	I lost my job and my wife is a stay at home mom. I don't know how to pay for rent, i'm so stressed [SEP] oh no. o'm sorry to here that. [SEP] thank you. I had an interview today so i hope i will get that job	thank you. I had an interview today so i hope i will get that job	I hope you do too. It will work out in the end.
5	My boss wants to talk to me after lunch. I don't know what it could be about.	My boss wants to talk to me after lunch. I don't know what it could be about.	It could be something good maybe.
4	When my dog Buddy died, I was horribly upset.	When my dog Buddy died, I was horribly upset.	I am sorry that happened . I have 3 dogs myself.
7	I think I did very good at my interview. I hope they call me back!	I think I did very good at my interview. I hope they call me back!	Good luck. That's always nerve racking waiting for them to call. I'm sure you did well though.
0	I know I will be a judge when I am older. [SEP] oh thats a very big position. [SEP] Yes, and maybe one day I will be on the Supreme Court.	Yes, and maybe one day I will be on the Supreme Court.	dang thats shooting high
0	I forgot to make my student loan payment this month.	I forgot to make my student loan payment this month.	Ah, that's unfortunate. That can be really tough to remember sometimes. I know because I've forgotten that too. But you'll make it up as soon as you can, I'm sure!
2	My daughter is aggravating me over not being allowed to be on the computer. [SEP] oh no, is she on computer too much? [SEP] She just isn't allowed to be on it on school days.	She just isn't allowed to be on it on school days.	you got a fair point. You would need to soften her with something else other wise children's will keep aggravate you 
2	My mom takes care of me so much. I feel like she is Mother Teresa! [SEP] Aww, that's sweet of her! You're lucky to have her, not all moms are good. [SEP] I agree. I am so thankful	I agree. I am so thankful	That's good, I'm sure she enjoys seeing you happy and taken care of.
7	 I am pretty thankful to live close to my sister	 I am pretty thankful to live close to my sister	It is very important to stay close to family.
3	I can't get my house to cool down.  I think the a/c is going out  [SEP] Oh no. I can't imagine not having AC in this heat. [SEP] Yeah its supposed to be a scorcher today too	Yeah its supposed to be a scorcher today too	I hope you can get it fixed easily. I know they are not cheap to replace.
4	I am really scared of spiders. The other day there were four spiders in my house. I was all alone	I am really scared of spiders. The other day there were four spiders in my house. I was all alone	I'm so sorry! I bet you were terrified! What happend?
3	That's funny you say that. There's so much going on right now, I wonder what the future holds.  [SEP] Anything you have in mind for you? [SEP] I do have a will made, thankfully. And mainly it's just career stuff. Which can be pretty stressful	I do have a will made, thankfully. And mainly it's just career stuff. Which can be pretty stressful	Well I hope your wants come to fruition .
3	I was hapy when i got to leave work early! [SEP] Yeah, that's never something to complain about--well, unless you were fired, I guess, but that doesn't sound like that was the case! I'm happy for you, too. Did you do anything fun with your extra time? [SEP] took the kids out to peter piper pizza!	took the kids out to peter piper pizza!	Well, that was nice of you. I'm glad you got a chance to squeeze in more family time and didn't go spend it just sitting around or something. I hope that happens more often for you.
2	I found a wallet and returned it to the owner. [SEP] That's very good of you. I would be proud of myself If I can do such a thing especially if there is a huge chunk of money in it [SEP] Yes, I was very satisfied with my behavior.	Yes, I was very satisfied with my behavior.	I hope he  or she rewarded you though
6	I am sure that my brother will come home from Iraq. [SEP] What kind of job does he have in the military? [SEP] He is a medic.	He is a medic.	How long has he been there?
2	I was surprised when I was gifted a car for my graduation gift!	I was surprised when I was gifted a car for my graduation gift!	Well, that's great! What a wonderful surprise too! I bet you really appreciated it.
0	Spent a lot of my saturday organizing and cleaning my room. There's no better feeling that knowing you accomplished an errand you were supposed to do, and getting to enjoy clean space after your hard work. [SEP] That's wonderful! You're right, it is so rewarding to stand back and see everything clean once you are done. [SEP] Yeah, it's kind of a shame my roommate isn't the cleanest. So, when I bother to clean the other areas of the apartment, it kind of goes to waste. But at least I can kind of keep up my own little domain and use it as a retreat from the rest of the place.	Yeah, it's kind of a shame my roommate isn't the cleanest. So, when I bother to clean the other areas of the apartment, it kind of goes to waste. But at least I can kind of keep up my own little domain and use it as a retreat from the rest of the place.	Right, that's something you can at least have full control over. Your own humble abode.
8	I am excited for the upcoming UFC event this weekend, I already ordered the PPV and am so ready!	I am excited for the upcoming UFC event this weekend, I already ordered the PPV and am so ready!	I am not someone who likes that but I
2	I recently got a $1,000 scholarship that I even forgot I applied for last year. [SEP] Wow, that is awesome! Bet you were shocked and happy at the same time! [SEP] I was! It really came at the right time.	I was! It really came at the right time.	I bet! Especially with the cost of college these days!
3	I am ready for my job interview in a couple days. I have everything I need from attire to answers to questions! [SEP] That sounds like you should get the job for sure! Your competition doesn't stand a chance!! :) [SEP] Thanks! I feel very prepared for it!	Thanks! I feel very prepared for it!	Well, I hope the job is close to where you live. Long commutes are the worst, and they can take away from your personal time.
7	I am looking forward to my new job.	I am looking forward to my new job.	Congratulations, is in an area that you are interested in?
6	Sometimes I'll forget to feed my dog. I can't help but feel bad about it... [SEP] That's not good at all [SEP] Yeah I feel super guilty	Yeah I feel super guilty	Can't you just leave food out? Or set an alarm on your phone?
2	I'm fairly happy where my life is right now. At least it's headed in the right direction. [SEP] thats great to hear, im happy for you and your accomplishements  [SEP] It's hard and long work, but at least I'm making it.	It's hard and long work, but at least I'm making it.	hope your future is bright 
4	Before I met my girlfriend and friends, I was very depressed and alone [SEP] I am so sorry to hear that. I am glad you found people to count on. [SEP] Me too, life has gotten a lot better	Me too, life has gotten a lot better	I am happy for you
1	There was a girl at the park today doing flips and a cartwheel. It was so crazy!	There was a girl at the park today doing flips and a cartwheel. It was so crazy!	Wow. That is impressive! I can't even do a cartwheel on a mat.
6	i knew i shouldnt have left my dog with my brother	i knew i shouldnt have left my dog with my brother	What happened?
5	I care about my brother a lot but I think he is started to hang out with the wrong type of crowd.	I care about my brother a lot but I think he is started to hang out with the wrong type of crowd.	Maybe you should talk with him about how you feel?
7	In a few days I need to go to a company presentation and make a big speech!	In a few days I need to go to a company presentation and make a big speech!	Wow, I bet that's exciting, but also makes you a bit nervous. Congratulations though, I'm sure you are proud to do it!
4	I've been applying for new jobs but, I haven't found one yet	I've been applying for new jobs but, I haven't found one yet	I'm sorry, I'm sure you find one soon.
7	My exams are next week and i have prepared very well. i think it will go smooth	My exams are next week and i have prepared very well. i think it will go smooth	All you can do is prepare the best you can. After that there's not much else you can do.
7	My boss was diagnosed with cancer earlier this summer. I've been trying very hard to work extra to make things easier for her. [SEP] That is really kind of you, many people would not bother. I hope that she wins her battle. [SEP] We are very confident she will! Thankfully they caught it early, but the treatment is just really difficult. [SEP] Chemotherapy and radiation can really take their toll. There is a program through the cancer society that does a day of beauty with cancer patients. They give them a makeover, giftbags, wigs if needed. [SEP] That is wonderful! Luckily for her, because of her chemo site she won't loose her hair. 	That is wonderful! Luckily for her, because of her chemo site she won't loose her hair. 	That is excellent, and you are a truly giving person. I wish her the best.
1	it so bad to see a girlfriend hug somebody you don't know	it so bad to see a girlfriend hug somebody you don't know	That would be weird
8	i felt a great emotion of care when my first child was born [SEP] That's wonderful. I feel the same about my daughters. [SEP] how old are they my kid is turning 2 next month	how old are they my kid is turning 2 next month	10 and 13 now, but it never changes.
1	I cant wait for next weekend.  I am going to Disney World here in Florida. [SEP] That sounds super fun, I love florida and orlando its quite awesome. [SEP] Yes it is.  I live in Orlando, but rarely go to the attractions so its long overdue.	Yes it is.  I live in Orlando, but rarely go to the attractions so its long overdue.	Yea thats fair, I could imagine if they are so near by you wouldnt care about them.
8	Everyone is gone for the night. I haven't been alone at night in forever [SEP] Where'd they go? [SEP] Stay with my sister for a sleepover. Im a litlle scared. ITs so quiet	Stay with my sister for a sleepover. Im a litlle scared. ITs so quiet	It takes some getting used especially since you haven't been alone in a while.
7	I've trained very hard, so I believe I will be fine in a 5k race I have next week [SEP] Well if you trained as hard as you stated, I am sure you will do great! [SEP] i certainly hope so,  I will also rest before the race and eat right to improve my odds of doing well.	i certainly hope so,  I will also rest before the race and eat right to improve my odds of doing well.	Sounds like a great plan. Good luck!
1	i really want to lose weight. i know i can do it	i really want to lose weight. i know i can do it	I am sure you can, it just takes dedication and effort is all!
8	Its so hard being alone when you are used to having your family around.  [SEP] very true.. do you live alone now? [SEP] No with my wife, and daughter but every year they go to Peru to visit her family for a few weeks and it sucks being by yourself! 	No with my wife, and daughter but every year they go to Peru to visit her family for a few weeks and it sucks being by yourself! 	i feel you.. but look on the bright side, it makes the moments being together far more special
1	yesterday, whilst i was asleep, I heard a loud bang from my kitchen! [SEP] I bet that was scary [SEP] Yea it was, turned out it was just my dog sneaking into the cookie jar.	Yea it was, turned out it was just my dog sneaking into the cookie jar.	Ha, that is funny
7	i really wanted to get pregnant but month after month it didn't happen [SEP] Hmm maybe it's not your time yet...I'm sure you'll get there [SEP] i'm getting up there in years so i'm kind of at the end of the line. i suppose it may not meant be to be	i'm getting up there in years so i'm kind of at the end of the line. i suppose it may not meant be to be	I wish you abundant joy, success health and wealth in all areas of your life.
4	I am getting older and it's hard to think on how many bad things I have experienced.\	I am getting older and it's hard to think on how many bad things I have experienced.\	I'm sorry.  It sounds like you had a tough life.
5	I can't believe my younger brother makes more money than i do. [SEP] Well, at least you dont have to worry about him begin ok in life. He can take care of himself, now. You can give him tips on making better choices with his money [SEP] Yes you are very right. I just wanted to be his role model and he surpassed what i can do.	Yes you are very right. I just wanted to be his role model and he surpassed what i can do.	I understand.My little brother did too.. I have the family and he has the career. We are 10 years apart, but he make a ton more money than, I do. Maybe you can get your brother to invest in homes, and you all start a business.
6	I had to make a pit stop at the gas station this afternoon to get gas.  I bought a scratch off lottery ticket too.	I had to make a pit stop at the gas station this afternoon to get gas.  I bought a scratch off lottery ticket too.	Pit stops can be fun.  How did you do on the scratch off?
1	someone almost crashed into me today [SEP] wow. are you ok? that can be really unnerving  [SEP] yea i was so mad	yea i was so mad	i would be to. people need to be more aware on the road
3	My friend put vinegar on his ice cream sundae.	My friend put vinegar on his ice cream sundae.	oh my lord, please say thats not true.
7	I'm waiting on some test results from the dr and it's taking forever! [SEP] That can be tough. I hope everything is okay. [SEP] I wish they would realize that all of this waiting is worse than the actual test and results!  I'm sure it will be ok.	I wish they would realize that all of this waiting is worse than the actual test and results!  I'm sure it will be ok.	Good luck with it all.
8	I can't believe I am allergic to cats. [SEP] When did you find out? [SEP] I went to the shelter to find an animal for my daughter, and I had a reaction to their Cats. 	I went to the shelter to find an animal for my daughter, and I had a reaction to their Cats. 	I guess she didn't get a cat then.
2	A friend of mine spent all night partying instead of staying home to study. He ended up failing an important exam! [SEP] That is no good.  I bet he regrets it! [SEP] I sure hope so! I warned him about going out drinking too often. Maybe this will teach him.	I sure hope so! I warned him about going out drinking too often. Maybe this will teach him.	I hope so that is frustrating. 
4	I just heard back from my Doctor and I need surgery.	I just heard back from my Doctor and I need surgery.	Oh no! I'm so sorry are you going to be alright?
3	a while back when my girl friend left me  i was a little bummed out about it for a while , everything was different for me	a while back when my girl friend left me  i was a little bummed out about it for a while , everything was different for me	That's not cool, I hope you find someone new.
4	I've been hearing some strange noises around the house at night. [SEP] oh no! That's scary! What do you think it is? [SEP] I don't know, that's what's making me anxious.	I don't know, that's what's making me anxious.	I'm sorry to hear that. I wish I could help you figure it out
6	I'm trying to convince my friend to hop on board this business venture.  I'm staying positive I'm sure he'll come around	I'm trying to convince my friend to hop on board this business venture.  I'm staying positive I'm sure he'll come around	That sounds like it could be a great success.  Do you both work well together?
1	My son just graduated this spring and will be starting college in a couple of weeks.	My son just graduated this spring and will be starting college in a couple of weeks.	I am sure you are proud of him
0	 I used to be afraid of the dark but now I am not so much, I had a nightlight for a long time [SEP] I think a lot of us have been afraid of the dark. [SEP] I suppose so, it is the fact that we do not know what is in it	I suppose so, it is the fact that we do not know what is in it	I'm glad you're not afraid of it anymore though!
4	My girlfriend and I had an argument this afternoon, while she's about to go away to see relatives for a week. It's kind of a bummer because we don't really communicate that well, especially when it comes to arguments. It usually devolves into us rather not talking instead of trying to fully speak out our issues.	My girlfriend and I had an argument this afternoon, while she's about to go away to see relatives for a week. It's kind of a bummer because we don't really communicate that well, especially when it comes to arguments. It usually devolves into us rather not talking instead of trying to fully speak out our issues.	I am sorry, I guess some friends just argue like that
0	I can't wait to leave the country! im going on vacation soon! [SEP] Woo! Where are you headed? [SEP] europe it's a present from my uncle, i dont even know where i am going! [SEP] Omg! Europe is my absolute favorite place in the world. I recently came back from Italy and Greece 2 months ago and loved it! [SEP] Wow! Would you mind giving me some adive on what to see?	Wow! Would you mind giving me some adive on what to see?	Well, I went to Venice, which I absolutely loved, but it was very crowded. I hear Florence is beautiful too! In Greece, I recommend Santorini, or Mykonos if you wanna party! 
5	I had such a good moment yesterday...my son spoke his first word! [SEP] Oh. wow. Did you cry? [SEP] I cried so hard...can you believe that his first word was "sea cucumber"? Couldn't believe it!	I cried so hard...can you believe that his first word was "sea cucumber"? Couldn't believe it!	Your kid should be on America's got Talent! unless you're not in america.
5	I just started seeing this girl and I saw a red flag. Not sure if I should distance myself or keep seeing her. [SEP] maybe just take it slow [SEP] Yea I think she was just having a bad day.	Yea I think she was just having a bad day.	maybe that was the case
3	I get so mad when I see or hear about kids getting bullied. It is so unfair. [SEP] it definetly is. I'm glad schools are taking a stance against it [SEP] I've seen videos on the internet where kids are crying to their parents that they were made fun of because their race and health illnesses. Very messed up.	I've seen videos on the internet where kids are crying to their parents that they were made fun of because their race and health illnesses. Very messed up.	it definetly is. I hope we move forward to eliminate this issue
4	I missed out on a job I wanted	I missed out on a job I wanted	im sorry to hear that. what was the job?
7	My wife and I are celebrating 15 years of marriage today. [SEP] thats awesome good for you [SEP] Thanks.  We have been very committed to our wedding vows since day one.	Thanks.  We have been very committed to our wedding vows since day one.	im glad thats the case
2	I am going to Hershey Park tomorrow. I am so hyped! [SEP] is that a baseball stadium? [SEP] Nope! It's an amusement park in Pennsylvania.	Nope! It's an amusement park in Pennsylvania.	Oh, Well have fun
7	I cheated on my girlfriend. [SEP] Why did you cheat on her?  [SEP] Heard she cheated on me, but I should have broken up first.	Heard she cheated on me, but I should have broken up first.	Sometimes, it feels good to get revenge
8	My sister had a heart attack recently. I didn't see it coming because this is her first. [SEP] Thats awful! Is she changing her diet? [SEP] Yes, her doctor said she has no choice and they are following up to see what other factors helped cause this.	Yes, her doctor said she has no choice and they are following up to see what other factors helped cause this.	My aunt had this and if you get off all saturated fats, it really cleans your arteries out.
5	My brother likes ordering Hawaiian pizza (with ham and pineapple). I can't even watch him eat it. It makes me gag. [SEP] That does not sound good to me, either. I cannot stand pineapple! [SEP] I like it by itself, but not on pizza. That's so gross!	I like it by itself, but not on pizza. That's so gross!	I think it is too acidic for me.
4	I found out my son dropped out of college last semester.  [SEP] whattttttt....... why did he do that [SEP] I don't know, he got into drugs and partying. I am really disappointed in him.	I don't know, he got into drugs and partying. I am really disappointed in him.	im sorry to hear that ... hopefully he gets help to deal with issues
8	Every payday im so happy, then i pay all my bills and left with but a few bucks , and i think .... welcome to the real world  [SEP] That's how it works, for most of us lol [SEP] ah lifes beautiful that way lol	ah lifes beautiful that way lol	If only they had told us sooner.
5	I've had a slight financial struggle recently. I  don't see a way out of it.  [SEP] How did you get into this situation?  [SEP] My girlfriend has gone a little crazy with spending frivolously. 	My girlfriend has gone a little crazy with spending frivolously. 	well I think she should be the one to get you out of it! Otherwise perhaps you could see a financial adviser. They might be able to help you consolidate your debts 
0	I remember when a candy bar was only 50 cents. [SEP] can you even find one like that now? [SEP] No, everything is expensive now.  Those were the good old days.	No, everything is expensive now.  Those were the good old days.	definitely good old days!
0	I get embarrassed very easily	I get embarrassed very easily	Give me an example of something that happened then.
5	My best friend recently bought a new Porsche. [SEP] Wow have you gone for a ride in it? [SEP] Yes, it's amazing. I'm really envious of him.	Yes, it's amazing. I'm really envious of him.	That's so cool, maybe one day you can save enough for you rown.
4	My oldest friends live in San Francisco and I haven't had a chance to visit in four years.	My oldest friends live in San Francisco and I haven't had a chance to visit in four years.	I am sorry to hear that, you must miss them. Why haven't you been able to visit them? 
4	Im so mad.  Ive never gotten a speeding ticket before [SEP] oh no, how did it happen? were you in a hurry? [SEP] No, I know i wasnt speeding because I had my cruise control set.  but the cop said i was.  ugh so unfair	No, I know i wasnt speeding because I had my cruise control set.  but the cop said i was.  ugh so unfair	this is the worst, i can understand why you are mad, i'd be the same as you, argh im sorry
3	I'll filled with hope whenever I've been in church. [SEP] Good for you. Religion can be a source of hope and optimism for many people in times of distress [SEP] Yeah, very good stress relief. So I never miss any Sunday! 	Yeah, very good stress relief. So I never miss any Sunday! 	I also try to find some time and attend church services whenever possible
7	I am curios to undersand the the i dont know [SEP] I'm sorry, I don't understand? [SEP] Am always curious to understand things	Am always curious to understand things	It's always good to expand your knowledge.
8	My daughters helped out when my Mom was sick without me having to ask. It made me feel really good	My daughters helped out when my Mom was sick without me having to ask. It made me feel really good	Good for them for taking the initiative and helping the family.
5	I'm so afraid about my sister's illness. What will we do? [SEP] That is gross. Did you find out who left it there? [SEP] Left what? [SEP] The old tuna sandwich. [SEP] Oh. No, nobody yet. [SEP] Well hopefully you threw it out. [SEP] but it seems so yummy!	but it seems so yummy!	Maybe it tasted good as well.
6	I homeschool and am used to schooling one child but now I started 2 kids in school this year and I'm not sure if I'll be able to juggle it well.	I homeschool and am used to schooling one child but now I started 2 kids in school this year and I'm not sure if I'll be able to juggle it well.	That would be hard, can one work independently? 
4	My lemur pooped on the rug last night. [SEP] You have a lemur as a pet? [SEP] I do! That little rascal poops every 5 minutes on the dot! I was so angry!	I do! That little rascal poops every 5 minutes on the dot! I was so angry!	I am sorry about your situation.
4	I thought my life was over when my dog died.	I thought my life was over when my dog died.	Im so sorry! I bet your very sad right now!
1	We had an intruder three nights ago who went through all out stuff while we were sleeping and ransacked our basement. [SEP] How terrifying!  Did the intruder took anything or was he just some kind of creep? [SEP] He took the only nice ring I had and a bunch of stuff from our basement and our tv.  It was horrifying!  I'm usually a light sleeper but I didn't even hear him. I'm looking into an alarm system.	He took the only nice ring I had and a bunch of stuff from our basement and our tv.  It was horrifying!  I'm usually a light sleeper but I didn't even hear him. I'm looking into an alarm system.	That is so awful.  I imagine you won't feel safe again until you get the alarm.  You can also get a big dog to help you keep safe.
7	I've been stuck at a work conference for the last two weeks across country from my home. My girlfriend shocked me last weekend by flying out here to spend time with me! [SEP] That is so nice. [SEP] I thought so. We had a great time just hanging out	I thought so. We had a great time just hanging out	Good.
8	My friend just purchased a new BMW after getting a large bonus! I want his cor so bad it hurts!	My friend just purchased a new BMW after getting a large bonus! I want his cor so bad it hurts!	That was some bonus. If you go to I think South carolina, they have a factory somewhere there and they are cheaper I think
5	I stepped in tobacco spit today when I went out to check my mail barefoot! [SEP] Ugh, that is disgusting.  I'm guessing it wasn't your own? [SEP] No! It was one of my nasty neighbors with their nasty Skoal habit. I almost threw up. [SEP] I bet.  It would be bad enough it was just spit, but the tobacco amps it up to 11.  It would be nice if people had enough respect for others not to do that sort of stuff. [SEP] I know right? I'm gonna put a very angry passive aggressive note on their door tonight.	I know right? I'm gonna put a very angry passive aggressive note on their door tonight.	That should solve the problem!
8	When i lost my money I felt lost [SEP] I surely feel your pain. What happened? [SEP] I engaged in a business that later turned out to be a scam	I engaged in a business that later turned out to be a scam	That's not good. Sometimes it's difficult to determine what is legit and what is not. 
7	I had an interview the other day. It went so well	I had an interview the other day. It went so well	Congratulations on that. Hope you have landed the job? Did you?
8	I wish that when people made plans, they would stick to them.	I wish that when people made plans, they would stick to them.	Oh I hate people like that.    People that flake out like that just have no respect for anyone elses' time.
7	All the lights in my neighborhood has gone out except my home. People are looking at my home weird now. [SEP] Wow that's a strange thing. Any idea why that happened? [SEP] I have no idea. Somehow we lucked out, and now the neighbors are expecting stuff from us now.	I have no idea. Somehow we lucked out, and now the neighbors are expecting stuff from us now.	Haha must think you guys are the luckiest on the block.
6	I am very sentimental  about the word fat	I am very sentimental  about the word fat	What do you mean by that?
3	Last week I had a wardrobe malfunction at work. [SEP] what happened [SEP] My dress got shut in my car door and then it ripped as I tried walking away.	My dress got shut in my car door and then it ripped as I tried walking away.	oh dang that stinks
2	i am waiting for my sister to arrive into town.  [SEP] Ooh, sounds nice, Always good to see the siblings. [SEP] yes, we are going to have so much fun, i feel like a kid again when shes in town	yes, we are going to have so much fun, i feel like a kid again when shes in town	Hah, i hope you two have some fun. My sisters visited me a few weeks ago and we had some fun.
2	My girlfriend has been saving up money for years. Last month she finally bought the fanciest car of her dreams with all of that money. [SEP] Cool! I'd love to be patient like that [SEP] Yeah she's very patient and frugal. She really knows what she's doing.	Yeah she's very patient and frugal. She really knows what she's doing.	Well done to her. I  hope she enjoys the reward
2	I feel like my sister in law is a horrible parent - some people should just not have kids.	I feel like my sister in law is a horrible parent - some people should just not have kids.	i can relate my brothers ex wife , uses all the child support money on her self and her crack head boyfriend , my brother buys my nieces close and toys because she wont
7	I am very ready for my exam tomorrow. I stayed up all night studying. [SEP] I am sure you will do great. [SEP] I hope so. I am very prepared for it tomorrow!	I hope so. I am very prepared for it tomorrow!	Good luck!
1	I do not like being around large animals, especially bears.	I do not like being around large animals, especially bears.	I can understand that, it is scary.
8	Public speaking makes me so nervous! I get very sweaty and start to shake uncontrollably...	Public speaking makes me so nervous! I get very sweaty and start to shake uncontrollably...	I hear ya.. practice makes perfect tho!
2	I don't have anyone to talk to. It can get pretty quiet in this big house I live in [SEP] I'll always talk to you. [SEP] Why thank you. You are such a good friend. 	Why thank you. You are such a good friend. 	I'll always be for you.
7	I just finished an interview for a new job!  I am fairly certain I nailed it! [SEP] Congratulations! I am sure you deserve it. [SEP] I have put in my dues and am very well qualified.  I got this!	I have put in my dues and am very well qualified.  I got this!	You will climb high in the company with that good attitude.
5	My dog ran away yesterday. I was so ticked off! [SEP] Ah that's so terrible. Did you find him? [SEP] Nope! Not yet. He does this like every week and comes back the day after. It's really starting to get old.	Nope! Not yet. He does this like every week and comes back the day after. It's really starting to get old.	i think it becomes a practice for him!!
5	I'm feeling really on edge still. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that, do you know any way to help yourself calm down? [SEP] Yes, I am trying to think happy thoughts. It seems to be helping a little...	Yes, I am trying to think happy thoughts. It seems to be helping a little...	Well you could also try praying! 
4	I get annoyed by my job sometimes, but at the end of the day it pays my bills [SEP] I agree, most jobs are painful but necessary. [SEP] That is for sure, maybe I can find a good one soon	That is for sure, maybe I can find a good one soon	I am confident that you will.
5	Well I am having a fly issue. I have sticky fly paper (although I hate killing anything) and I clean and no matter what I keep getting flies that bat themselves at me all day. [SEP] Sticky paper is so gross. have you every used cloves? You can put the in your windows to keep flies out. [SEP] I have clove oil and I have tried basil. It seems like the little tiny fly babies get in so I can barely have my window open. My lawn is mowed but it drives me crazy and it takes all day to kill them. Then it restarts the next day! Any flowers that keep them away?	I have clove oil and I have tried basil. It seems like the little tiny fly babies get in so I can barely have my window open. My lawn is mowed but it drives me crazy and it takes all day to kill them. Then it restarts the next day! Any flowers that keep them away?	I don'r know. Once I found out about cloves that worked fr me. Maybe you should het an exterminator although that seems extreme.
7	I don't think I should drive in town today, I have a bad feeling. [SEP] what ended up happening? [SEP] Nothing yet but I'm sure something bad will happen.	Nothing yet but I'm sure something bad will happen.	oh well good luck
1	just once was i late with my payment and they charged me 39 bucks, i hate visa [SEP] That is obnoxious, I would switch just to stick it to them [SEP] they would not even do a courtesy waive	they would not even do a courtesy waive	that is terrible, that is not a good way to keep people
5	Mentioned my company on social media the other day. Now I'm getting told I have to meet with management after the weekend for something they can't talk about until then. I'm not sure how they could know about what I said, but I have no idea what else it could be, and I'm nervous. [SEP] try not to stress out about it all weekend. if you didn't do anything wrong nothing bad will happen. [SEP] Yeah, I tell myself I shouldn't, but I know I will. Like, there's no way they could tie my social media to me. But I never get called in to meet with these people. And it happens right after I made a negative comment about the company online? Can't just be a coincidence.	Yeah, I tell myself I shouldn't, but I know I will. Like, there's no way they could tie my social media to me. But I never get called in to meet with these people. And it happens right after I made a negative comment about the company online? Can't just be a coincidence.	maybe the suspect something and want to talk to you about it. or maybe it's nothing. try not to let it drive you crazy. i know it's easier said than done.
6	My puppy fell off the couch and hurt his paw.	My puppy fell off the couch and hurt his paw.	Wow, what happened next, is he alright?
7	I know that I will pass my driving test next week. [SEP] I hope so! I hate driving but good luck. [SEP] I have practiced everyday in the parking lot by my house. I know all the rules of the road.	I have practiced everyday in the parking lot by my house. I know all the rules of the road.	Good, that's really important thing.
3	I am so jealous of my friend Eric [SEP] Why are you jealous of Eric? [SEP] He just started dating the most amazing woman i have ever seem. I want her. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that, I know what it's like to have your love stolen from you. [SEP] No.He did no steal her form me. I only met her after he started dating her.	No.He did no steal her form me. I only met her after he started dating her.	If that's the case then you have a chance to find a better woman!
5	I just moved to a new city and I don't know anyone. I can't seem to break into the social circles at work.  [SEP] These things take time.  Have you met any of your neighbors? [SEP] I guess it does. I haven't- it's a big apartment building. 	I guess it does. I haven't- it's a big apartment building. 	Maybe you should try introducing yourself to your neighbors.  Or look online for meetups for hobbies that you're interested in.
4	My lemur pooped on the rug last night. [SEP] You have a lemur as a pet? [SEP] I do! That little rascal poops every 5 minutes on the dot! I was so angry!	I do! That little rascal poops every 5 minutes on the dot! I was so angry!	I am sorry about your situation.
3	I just lost another bet to my sister. [SEP] Oh yea? What was the bet? [SEP] That my mom never worked at McDonalds when she was younger. 	That my mom never worked at McDonalds when she was younger. 	Everyone's got that low minimum wage job at one point in their life sometimes.
3	I took my dress to the seamstress for alteration. I was given a date to pick it up and to this day it is not ready. [SEP] That is so annoying. Did you need it for a special occasion? [SEP] Yes i needed it for a wedding. I ended up buying another dress.	Yes i needed it for a wedding. I ended up buying another dress.	I hope they at least gave you your money back.
8	My neighbor shot my dog and nearly killed him yesterday! All because he pooped on his driveway. I get it, my dog should go somewhere else, but shooting him?!	My neighbor shot my dog and nearly killed him yesterday! All because he pooped on his driveway. I get it, my dog should go somewhere else, but shooting him?!	I would have shot back, that is uncalled for
3	Ok, buckle up this one's sad. My fiance died when i was 18 [SEP] What happened? [SEP] It was an accidental OD but, I still feel like I could've saved her	It was an accidental OD but, I still feel like I could've saved her	Dang, that is very unfortunate.
5	I ate way too much today. I feel like I let myself down. [SEP] I hate that feeling. Hopefully you will feel better about it tomorrow. [SEP] It really sucks because I promised myself on Sunday that I would eat more healthy and less. But I already broke that promise, I am ashamed.	It really sucks because I promised myself on Sunday that I would eat more healthy and less. But I already broke that promise, I am ashamed.	You can always start again tomorrow.
4	Sadly, I missed my wife's wedding anniversary	Sadly, I missed my wife's wedding anniversary	I'm sorry, how did she take it?
1	I watch a lot of infomercials because I'm always up late at night. I ordered the steak kneves and they are awesome. They can cut through anything! [SEP] What have you used them on so far?  [SEP] Well I used them to cut some potatoes and they slice through them like butter!	Well I used them to cut some potatoes and they slice through them like butter!	They sound like good knives
2	I just took the bar exam this morning. [SEP] Oh wow like for law school? or what you take after law school? [SEP] Yes and I am so excited. I know I did well.	Yes and I am so excited. I know I did well.	That is really awesome! I bet is a a relief that its done now!
2	At work, we went together for lunch. When it was time to pay, I notice that I forgot my wallet at the office. [SEP] What happens next. [SEP] I felt a little bit ashamed. I asked to a cowoker if he could pay. He did. I paid him back at the office.	I felt a little bit ashamed. I asked to a cowoker if he could pay. He did. I paid him back at the office.	Well I guess it worked itself out. 
2	I recently got a $1,000 scholarship that I even forgot I applied for last year. [SEP] Wow, that is awesome! Bet you were shocked and happy at the same time! [SEP] I was! It really came at the right time.	I was! It really came at the right time.	I bet! Especially with the cost of college these days!
5	I got a new phone a few weeks ago. [SEP] Oh nice!  What kind of phone did you get? [SEP] It's an iphone.  It's sooooo much faster than my old one!	It's an iphone.  It's sooooo much faster than my old one!	Think of all the mindless browsing you can do now!
6	I get some great supplements tomorrow in the mail that I think will really help a lot of my health issues.	I get some great supplements tomorrow in the mail that I think will really help a lot of my health issues.	Really?
2	i cant wait until next week [SEP] Why is that? [SEP] the kids go back to school	the kids go back to school	Lol! Ah- Well cherish them while you can in the summers even though it can be tiring :)
3	my boss asked me a question that I had an answer to but I did n ot want to get anyone in trouble so I said I didn't know anything about the situation. [SEP] maybe it was best to avoid drama at work [SEP] maybe, but what drama did I avoid. Not getting a co-worker in possible trouble or not being honet with my boss?	maybe, but what drama did I avoid. Not getting a co-worker in possible trouble or not being honet with my boss?	not getting your coworker in trouble and causing a conflict
8	i grew up playing video games all my life, every time i go to a laundermat or just happen to come across an old arcade at a bar it brings back good memories 	i grew up playing video games all my life, every time i go to a laundermat or just happen to come across an old arcade at a bar it brings back good memories 	I remember those good times too, playing video games is a lot of fun.
5	This morning I was organizing some old boxes and I found pictures of me and my friends during our high school years [SEP] I've done this before! It can be very nostalgic to see old friends that you haven't seen in awhile. Did it bring back any particular memories? [SEP] Yes! it broght back many memories about the good times we spent together.	Yes! it broght back many memories about the good times we spent together.	You could always make a collage with your favorite pictures! 
6	I was kinda shocked the other night to run into my boss while I was out at a bar. 	I was kinda shocked the other night to run into my boss while I was out at a bar. 	did you all have some drinks together
4	I can no longer stand christmas, because once when i was thirteen I had been told I would be getting a playstation. Christmas came and I never got it.	I can no longer stand christmas, because once when i was thirteen I had been told I would be getting a playstation. Christmas came and I never got it.	Oh man! I'm so sorry! Is there any part of the season you can still enjoy? 
0	I don't like people kiss their dogs on the mouth. I find that disgusting. [SEP] i totally agree with you! they lick their private parts and eat stuff from the floor, why would you wanna kiss them [SEP] I don't understand why people don't think about that before kissing them on the mouth. It is a stupid thing to do.	I don't understand why people don't think about that before kissing them on the mouth. It is a stupid thing to do.	i know. i don't kiss any animals, no matter how much i love my pets i won't kiss them
7	I had been unemployed for a long time until earlier this year. I originally wasn't sure if I was going to even interview for the position I did, but I'm glad I decided to. I got a call in late may from a merchandising company. I went back and forth in my mind after being rejected from many interviews over the past couple years. In the end I went for it, the interviewer liked what I had to say, and I was hired the same day! I've been working there ever since.	I had been unemployed for a long time until earlier this year. I originally wasn't sure if I was going to even interview for the position I did, but I'm glad I decided to. I got a call in late may from a merchandising company. I went back and forth in my mind after being rejected from many interviews over the past couple years. In the end I went for it, the interviewer liked what I had to say, and I was hired the same day! I've been working there ever since.	Congratulations!  That's awesome.  Sometimes it's scary to risk rejection, but it sounds like it totally paid off in this case.  
5	I feel depressed.  [SEP] oh no why? [SEP] I might have to live on my own without wife and child. That is, if she plans to kick me out of the house eventually. 	I might have to live on my own without wife and child. That is, if she plans to kick me out of the house eventually. 	That sucks. I couldn't be without my kids. Maybe you should go to counseling.
4	I have pain in my stomach for about a week now. By reading what is on the internet, I am very worried. [SEP] What is going on?  Have you seen the dr? [SEP] I have seen a doctor today. He give me lab tests to do but I am afraid of the results.	I have seen a doctor today. He give me lab tests to do but I am afraid of the results.	I am so sorry you have to worry about that 
5	I am so mad.. my dogs wont stop barking and I am going absolutely nuts [SEP] I feel you, nothing irritates me more than a dog that won't stop barking.  Any plans to fix the problem? [SEP] Well I have four dogs.  Sooo.  Do I shoot the dogs or all the people mowing the grass?	Well I have four dogs.  Sooo.  Do I shoot the dogs or all the people mowing the grass?	Ha, neither.  Look into some barking collars or maybe some training.
4	Another year, Another disappointed me, no father no nothing.	Another year, Another disappointed me, no father no nothing.	That sounds so sad.  I'm sorry you aren't feeling happy.  What is going on?
1	Someone spread rumor about my hubby. [SEP] That's terrible. Did you guys clear that out? [SEP] Yeah, but I didn't believe them. he loves me more than anyone in this world. 	Yeah, but I didn't believe them. he loves me more than anyone in this world. 	People must have no lives to want to spread rumors like that.
6	I'm jealous of anyone who doesn't have to deal with student loan debt!	I'm jealous of anyone who doesn't have to deal with student loan debt!	LMAO.  LOLOL.  I pay 600 a month.  You?
5	My husband is talking so loud on his headset playing video games. Ugh [SEP] lol.  Put some headphones on yourself and tune him out! [SEP] Good idea!	Good idea!	Maybe you could play your own video games?
2	My friend showed me a text this guy sent her that shes been talking to. They were talking about where they live in comparison to eachother. The text said "Yeah, and your fat" and I thought wow how rude! But after that he corrected the auto correct saying he meant to say "Yeah, and your far. He must have felt so bad lol [SEP] Omg I was about to say that is so mean and rude and I would be so embarrassed but I know it was a honest mistake I dislike the auto correct.  [SEP] Yeah he was probably like, "aw shucks another one lost to the stupid auto correct, is good grammar really worth it?" HAHA	Yeah he was probably like, "aw shucks another one lost to the stupid auto correct, is good grammar really worth it?" HAHA	lol I hope your friend understood and they can still meet up or communicate and if things work out it's a funny to tell in the future. 
1	My favorite watch broke today. :( [SEP] That's no good, how did you break it? [SEP] it broke on its own accord. no clue. [SEP] no good, are you going to get another one? [SEP] Its a tag heuer.  I'm gonna get it fixed.	Its a tag heuer.  I'm gonna get it fixed.	I'd buy it off you after it's fixed, I love tag heuer.
0	A girl hit on me at an event, but I've got a girlfriend. Not interested. [SEP] Thats right,  You have to stay faithful to the one you love. [SEP] Yea, I don't understand people who stray when you've already got a good thing.	Yea, I don't understand people who stray when you've already got a good thing.	Exactly,  People just want what they cant have.  such a bad human trait.
2	So my work issues laptop crashed and won't boot. But, I am hoping I can fix it myself, we all know sending it to IT takes forever! [SEP] Good luck.  That sounds really frustrating.  Hope everything was backed up. [SEP] Thanks. Some data was on the cloud. Just hoping I can "google" the fix and be on my merry busy way.	Thanks. Some data was on the cloud. Just hoping I can "google" the fix and be on my merry busy way.	Sounds like a good plan.  I hope it's simple and you can get it working again.
5	When I was going out to my car this morning, I was greeted by the disgusting sight of a dead possum. [SEP] It probably stank a lot too. [SEP] Oh, you're telling me. It was REVOLTING. I was too afraid to move it, so I had to run it over with my car. Now it's all over my driveway.	Oh, you're telling me. It was REVOLTING. I was too afraid to move it, so I had to run it over with my car. Now it's all over my driveway.	You probably should have moved with a shovel of something, instead of running over it
4	I went to his 8th grade graduation.  Such a handsome boy and I'm glad he's doing good in school.  He's going to high school now!	I went to his 8th grade graduation.  Such a handsome boy and I'm glad he's doing good in school.  He's going to high school now!	I'm sorry who is going in too 8th grade?
6	Man we're going to the amusement park this weekend	Man we're going to the amusement park this weekend	Which amusement park?
5	My friend recommended me a restaurant. I went with my wife to try it. The food was terrible.	My friend recommended me a restaurant. I went with my wife to try it. The food was terrible.	Maybe you should go by yourself. Normally wifes stay at home and clean.
2	My family just left on a trip for a week and I had to stay back to work.  [SEP] Oh that's too bad. How long before they get home? [SEP] They'll be gone for 7 days and 6 nights!	They'll be gone for 7 days and 6 nights!	Oh well hopefully it goes quick for you but at least they will have a good trip which is nice!
7	My boyfriend just turned around the other day and proposed to me while we were taking a walk!	My boyfriend just turned around the other day and proposed to me while we were taking a walk!	You must be the luckiest girl on earth
2	I am so excited! I am going to Hawaii next week [SEP] That really is something to get excited about! I've never been outside of the country, so I'm jealous of people that get the chance to. I hope you're able to get everything out of the trip that you want to [SEP] I cant wait to go.  I started packing already 	I cant wait to go.  I started packing already 	If I were you, I'd be the same way, just counting down the days. I hope your travel goes smoothly. If you're going with someone special, I hope you guys both enjoy your time there
4	A few years ago, when I was first out on my own, my car got broken into. [SEP] Oh no! That's awful, was anything valuable stolen? [SEP] Yes, unfortunately. I had just gotten some big speakers installed, and those were taken. Also, two cases of c.d.s were gone.	Yes, unfortunately. I had just gotten some big speakers installed, and those were taken. Also, two cases of c.d.s were gone.	I'm so sorry! I would be so upset. Did you file a report with the police?
0	it would be nice if you could go with her!	it would be nice if you could go with her!	yes i agree
5	I saw a Facebook post depicting suffering Syrian children that my friend shared on Facebook. I feel so sad for those innocent kids [SEP] That's very sad.  Are you planning on going to syria to help them? [SEP] I am not planning at all and I do not have financial means to do so. But i hope the war would end soon and peace would bring them some relief	I am not planning at all and I do not have financial means to do so. But i hope the war would end soon and peace would bring them some relief	It could end today if everyone came to an agreement.
2	Hi! I watched a movie yesterday with my son. [SEP] That's good, how old is your son? [SEP] He is 23 and he picked a movie I didn't really want to see.	He is 23 and he picked a movie I didn't really want to see.	Oh he is quite a grown man. I bet you wanted to catch up on old time growing up with him
6	I had a huge craving for ice cream the other day but I never got any.	I had a huge craving for ice cream the other day but I never got any.	What is your favorite ice cream?
2	i'm so worried about my appointment on thursday.	i'm so worried about my appointment on thursday.	Oh no I hope everything goes well!
3	Every time I tell my Mom about something my child did that is so neat to me, my sister-in-law chimes in about something her child did to top it. It drives me crazy.	Every time I tell my Mom about something my child did that is so neat to me, my sister-in-law chimes in about something her child did to top it. It drives me crazy.	That's funny, likes it's an extension as who they are as a person
7	i am gunna be so bummed if the braves dont make a run this year! [SEP] Who are the braves? [SEP] a pro baseball team in Atlanta!	a pro baseball team in Atlanta!	Ah great. Good luck. Are they good?
3	I am sad that they closed my favorite restaurant. [SEP] That feeling is not alien to me. Had been through it in the past. It is truly frustrating looking for new favorite restaurant [SEP] Yes and the worst part is they torn it down to build an office building.	Yes and the worst part is they torn it down to build an office building.	I hope you would be able to find a new one as a replacement for your favorite dining place
5	I've had a slight financial struggle recently. I  don't see a way out of it.  [SEP] How did you get into this situation?  [SEP] My girlfriend has gone a little crazy with spending frivolously.  [SEP] well I think she should be the one to get you out of it! Otherwise perhaps you could see a financial adviser. They might be able to help you consolidate your debts  [SEP] I think I've hadhad an epiphany. After not being serious about religion ever, I may have to turn it over to God... 	I think I've hadhad an epiphany. After not being serious about religion ever, I may have to turn it over to God... 	Well I have never heard of God helping with financial situations but perhaps if you pray and scrape together enough money for a ticket to Las Vegas all your troubles will be gone
3	I was prepared for Irma last year but it caught my neighborhood by surprise	I was prepared for Irma last year but it caught my neighborhood by surprise	I can imagine it caught many people off guard.  I hope everyone came out ok in the end.
2	I saw a girl propose to her boyfriend. [SEP] That is so exciting and different. [SEP] The guy was pretty bewildered.	The guy was pretty bewildered.	I bet so, that doesn't happen often.
8	i was pissed when i sa w my dog ran away from home [SEP] Did your younger brother let it out or something like that? [SEP] my son	my son	Yes, this things happen, but as long as you find your dog after, it's alright.
8	I haven't made a home cooked meal in a long time. [SEP] Oh, that's a shame - cooking's such fun. Why did you stop cooking? [SEP] I know. Just been busy. I ordered take out like every day last week. [SEP] Gosh, I couldn't afford to do that! It's far cheaper for me to cook up a big pot of stew or something and freeze it for busy days. [SEP] I should do that. Im losing money like crazy [SEP] That stuff's hard to come by! It's so easy to chuck stuff in a pot and then go watch tv or do something else for a couple of hours. Tastes better, too! [SEP] I am going to look up some recipes then. I never use my slow cooker.	I am going to look up some recipes then. I never use my slow cooker.	I wish I had a slow cooker. Or one of those Instant Pots everyone's raving about.
4	I'm pretty bummed out. The vet told me I have to put my dog down.	I'm pretty bummed out. The vet told me I have to put my dog down.	Im so sorry to hear that. What is wrong with him?
6	When I got home today I realized someone had parked in my parking spot. [SEP] I hate when that happens [SEP] I do too, and I had nowhere to park my car so I had to walk a long way.	I do too, and I had nowhere to park my car so I had to walk a long way.	Was this at home or at work?
4	I went out to a bar with a guy that I have met in a party. This guy was so cheap that he was asking the barman if he can bring his drinkings from home. [SEP] I would do that too. It's a waste of money if you don't finish it! [SEP] I was shocked. I wanted to hide.	I was shocked. I wanted to hide.	I am sorry you felt that way.
8	My boss told us all today that there might be lay offs coming.	My boss told us all today that there might be lay offs coming.	ohh, that's bad. But, you will be fine. Don't worry!
2	My husband and I are going to couples counseling.  [SEP] Oh no. I'm sorry to hear you are going through a rough patch. [SEP] Thanks, I'm trying to stay positive that we will be able to fix this because we do love each other and I think that helps.	Thanks, I'm trying to stay positive that we will be able to fix this because we do love each other and I think that helps.	That really does help. I hope you make it through!
7	I was watching Back to the Future yesterday with my family. Man, it brought back some good memories of growing up in the 80's.	I was watching Back to the Future yesterday with my family. Man, it brought back some good memories of growing up in the 80's.	yeah that good 
2	A few years ago I went on vacation to Aruba. It was the best trip ever!  [SEP] oh wow, i wish i could go there, do you plan to return one day ? [SEP] Oh definitely! Maybe even next year. 	Oh definitely! Maybe even next year. 	that is something i hope to do one day as well. good luck
4	I ate dinner by myself again.	I ate dinner by myself again.	Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that
2	I was pretty happy this weekend. I got to go kayaking with friends [SEP] Sounds really fun do you go kayaking often?  [SEP] No it was my first time going actually	No it was my first time going actually	I bet you are going to go more often now. Kayaking is really enjoyable. 
8	I totally jumped out of my chair the other day while watching this scary movie! I couldn't sleep in the dark at all! [SEP] what movie was it [SEP] I watched the original The Ring. I never saw it before, and it freaked me out!	I watched the original The Ring. I never saw it before, and it freaked me out!	oh yea that was creepy
4	I came home from a long day of work ready to eat this steak I had marinating when I found my roomate had eaten it. I was so upset! [SEP] No way, that is the worst. Did you ask your roommate why he or she ate it? [SEP] All he said was that he thought it was free game even though I had specifically told him it was mine. 	All he said was that he thought it was free game even though I had specifically told him it was mine. 	I am sorry to hear that! 
3	 My daughter was up all night teething, and I made sure to give her extra cuddles to comfort her.  [SEP] Oh that is a tough period. Poor baby! But with mammas love everything is alright. You are such a great mother! [SEP] It is so tough but the most we can do is let them know we love them, and will be there for them. Thanks! 	It is so tough but the most we can do is let them know we love them, and will be there for them. Thanks! 	Yeah, hopefully they have invented something that helps with the pain for the teething. Hopefully is is natural.
6	My baby had his first day of school yesterday! It was a huge day, but I made sure to have everything I needed ready to go, to help things run smoothly	My baby had his first day of school yesterday! It was a huge day, but I made sure to have everything I needed ready to go, to help things run smoothly	That's great! Was it Kindergarten or Pre-School?
1	I got stuck working late last night, but my fiancee came by and dropped off some dinner for me.  [SEP] That was sweet. Did you eat together? [SEP] No, she had already eaten, but I was very happy she did that. It really helped me out.	No, she had already eaten, but I was very happy she did that. It really helped me out.	She sounds like a keeper
2	The entire last month I was getting ready for a trip around the world. Takes a lot of planning! [SEP] That does sound fun though [SEP] Yup. Now that I'm finally ready, I'll be taking off in about a week. 	Yup. Now that I'm finally ready, I'll be taking off in about a week. 	I hope you have fun
0	I'm such a dummy, I left a door open in my car overnight and now the battery is dead. [SEP] This happened to me! Don't feel bad, it happens to people such as us! [SEP] Yeah that's true. My wife had to take another car in this morning, I just hope she isn't upset with me.	Yeah that's true. My wife had to take another car in this morning, I just hope she isn't upset with me.	She'll forgive you eventually. You'll never make the same mistake again I promise you that!
2	Im happy that the next year of uni is starting	Im happy that the next year of uni is starting	Oh! It's excellence. Hope you enjoy your next year
1	My husband always stops at the store on his way home from work.  [SEP] That's really nice! What does he usually get at the store? [SEP] Mainly groceries, but he always wanders through the clearance aisles of toys and gadgets and takes forever, while we just sit and wait on him to eat dinner.	Mainly groceries, but he always wanders through the clearance aisles of toys and gadgets and takes forever, while we just sit and wait on him to eat dinner.	Sounds a lot like me. I love going through the toys and gadgets section to see if I can find anything for my kids.
8	My grades come in tomorrow for my language exam. Crossing fingers for a good result...	My grades come in tomorrow for my language exam. Crossing fingers for a good result...	I hope you did a really great job.
3	I tripped at the gym the other day. I turned around and about five people saw me. I felt stupid.	I tripped at the gym the other day. I turned around and about five people saw me. I felt stupid.	I would have been so embarrassed! Hopefully you didn't get hurt at all
6	I was very scared when my mom went in the hospital and was going to have surgery. 	I was very scared when my mom went in the hospital and was going to have surgery. 	Oh my, was the surgery successful?
5	I am so scared. I just heard a really crazy sounding animal coming from my lake out back of my house. [SEP] Oh snap! dude get your camera you might have found nessy. [SEP] Im in Florida.. it could be ANYTHING lol.	Im in Florida.. it could be ANYTHING lol.	Probably could be a new species of gator.
3	My package got lost in the mail but the company was quick to replace it [SEP] I hate when that happens but that is good they were quick to replace it.  [SEP] Yes the company had good customer service at least	Yes the company had good customer service at least	Hopefully it wasn't something time important 
2	I was able sort out some communication problems that I had with my manager. I can finaly enjoy my job with peaceful mind.	I was able sort out some communication problems that I had with my manager. I can finaly enjoy my job with peaceful mind.	I bet that feels good
2	I am ready for my job search to being. [SEP] Good luckk!! [SEP] I plan to play to five places every day for a month.	I plan to play to five places every day for a month.	Yes dont give upQ! I bet you'll find something good
4	I've worked for the same company for 10 years and worked my way up to a good position. I was recently informed that the company will be shutting down everyone is being laid off. I have no idea how I'm going to afford my mortgage and my other things. [SEP] That really sucks. Maybe you should get another job? [SEP] I've began looking already, but it's going to be a very difficult transition and I doubt I will start out at the same pay. I'm at a loss for what to do... This is horrible.	I've began looking already, but it's going to be a very difficult transition and I doubt I will start out at the same pay. I'm at a loss for what to do... This is horrible.	I am truly sorry for your lots. I am sure things will get better.
6	Back when I was in high school, I studied very hard for the SATs.	Back when I was in high school, I studied very hard for the SATs.	How did you do when you took them?
5	i am going to meet my soul mate this year [SEP] Where are you meeting her? [SEP] I have no idea but I am not going to be single next year	I have no idea but I am not going to be single next year	You should try to get on tinder.
7	I know I will win my chess game.	I know I will win my chess game.	Good luck! Chess is such an interesting game.
4	During christmas a few years ago, I did not get any presents. [SEP] Wow, that must be terrible, I cannot imagine, I lvoe christmas [SEP] Since that day christmas has not been a good time for me. As I have no family, christmas is always the worst.	Since that day christmas has not been a good time for me. As I have no family, christmas is always the worst.	Wow, I am sorry to hear that, I wish I could make it a better holiday for you!
5	MY best friend said she was staying home last weekend. [SEP] was there a reason why? [SEP] She was lying. Someone tagged her in photos from a party. I don't know why she didnt invite me	She was lying. Someone tagged her in photos from a party. I don't know why she didnt invite me	maybe it was closed event. you speak to her about it?
7	the chargers have the roster to be great this season, but we are having so many preseason injuries	the chargers have the roster to be great this season, but we are having so many preseason injuries	I hear you. You always have to have faith in your team.
1	My junior year of college starts in August. I am studying criminal justice.	My junior year of college starts in August. I am studying criminal justice.	I would have loved to study criminal justice
4	I looked so dumb yesterday, I tripped over a rug in the lobby at my job and nearly fell on my face. [SEP] i know that feeling [SEP] I could tell they were holding back their laughter too. It was terrible.	I could tell they were holding back their laughter too. It was terrible.	Im sorry. It will happen til someone else soon enough
5	I wish I had more money like Bill Gates. [SEP] I am totally with you [SEP] Maybe I can start the next Microsoft.	Maybe I can start the next Microsoft.	I am sure you could
4	I didn't get the big promotion at work.	I didn't get the big promotion at work.	Oh no! I'm so sorry!  Are you able to be up for another one soon?
8	I have so many ants in my kitchen, no matter what I do, I can't get rid of them and they are everywhere. [SEP] You must cook a lot of tasty food all the time! [SEP] I do enjoy cooking but I try to keep it impeccably clean since they find anything and bring their friends.	I do enjoy cooking but I try to keep it impeccably clean since they find anything and bring their friends.	hmm did you try calling pest control
5	I had the worst and busiest day at work yesterday, and when I came home my house was a mess because my wife decided she didnt want to do anything that day. 	I had the worst and busiest day at work yesterday, and when I came home my house was a mess because my wife decided she didnt want to do anything that day. 	Maybe she was tired or something. Don't make her feel bad, just encourage her!
1	I am going to see a concert soon. I haven't beena ble to see live music in a while. [SEP] I haven't either. What kind of music? [SEP] The band redoes popular songs in the style of anywhere from the 20s-50s	The band redoes popular songs in the style of anywhere from the 20s-50s	Oh that's cool. I like cover bands.
7	My daughter loves to sing. She tried out for a musical recently. [SEP] Did she.How did it go? [SEP] She got the part! It is in a travelling musical production of Beauty and the Beast.	She got the part! It is in a travelling musical production of Beauty and the Beast.	Congratulations.You probably are very proud of her.
4	I  remember having dinner at my ex's parents for the first time [SEP] I bet you were very nervous that day. [SEP] I was and the food was soooo bad. I coud barely swallow it	I was and the food was soooo bad. I coud barely swallow it	I am sorry to hear that
4	You'll never guess what happened! I am so embarassed. [SEP] What happened? [SEP] I got a call from my son's school.  The Vice Principal told me he pushed another kid and cursed in the lunch room!	I got a call from my son's school.  The Vice Principal told me he pushed another kid and cursed in the lunch room!	Oh no!  I am sorry to hear that.  Was he suspended?
2	i had a job interview last week, and i felt like i knew i was going to get the job after i left	i had a job interview last week, and i felt like i knew i was going to get the job after i left	that sounds great, I hope you get it!
3	My car stop working last week. I took it to the mechanic. It need a lot of money to fix it.	My car stop working last week. I took it to the mechanic. It need a lot of money to fix it.	Oh no! Hopefully you're able to get it all fixed up so you can use it again.
2	I can't wait for the next season of Stranger Things to get released. I want to see how eleven uses her powers. [SEP] Stranger things is one of my favorite shows!  It stinks that the next season has been pushed to next summer though. [SEP] Yeah I don't want to wait that long. It is going to be so hard for me.	Yeah I don't want to wait that long. It is going to be so hard for me.	I feel ya.  The kids will be all grown up by then!
8	I really like the new paint job on my house. [SEP] That's nice. What color did you paint it? [SEP] I went with blue and yellow.	I went with blue and yellow.	Those are swell colors! I am sure they will bring any guests much joy and merriment.
6	It's back to school time. I am a teacher and I spent time getting my classroom ready today. [SEP] That's got to be exciting!  [And as a parent, I salute you!]  What grade do you teach? [SEP] I teach high school cooking! It's a lot of fun!  [SEP] Oh, wow!  That does sound fun!  Just for the idea of eating in class every once in a while! [SEP] Yeah, we eat almost everything we make. It's a great practical class. 	Yeah, we eat almost everything we make. It's a great practical class. 	What sorts of things do the kids learn how to make?
4	Me and my girlfriend broke up yesterday.	Me and my girlfriend broke up yesterday.	Im sorry to hear that.  How are you going?
0	I wanted to try out a new brand of headphones but instead stuck with the good old Beats. I was loyal to them.	I wanted to try out a new brand of headphones but instead stuck with the good old Beats. I was loyal to them.	I usually stick with what I know also
1	Everytime I see my cat vomit on the floor it makes me sick to my stomach.	Everytime I see my cat vomit on the floor it makes me sick to my stomach.	i think you have the same attitude like me. i really feel pissed off
2	I really love my new girlfriend. I will do anything for her. [SEP] Yes! love is an amazingly powerful thing. [SEP] Yes, I really think I will marry her.	Yes, I really think I will marry her.	That is amazing, I truly hope that happens.  you deserve it.
5	I really miss living in the city [SEP] I can understand that. Everything is right at your doorsteps.  [SEP] MY friends are so far away now. We hardly ever see each other.	MY friends are so far away now. We hardly ever see each other.	That can be very rough. Maybe you can move there soon!
1	i used to play football in college. it was so much fun, i was pretty fit too. i miss it	i used to play football in college. it was so much fun, i was pretty fit too. i miss it	I bet that was a great time.
8	My company will give us a bonus because the quarter was good. I am happy. [SEP] That's great. I've never gotten a bonuse at work. [SEP] I am planning to use it for a trip with my family. That will be great.	I am planning to use it for a trip with my family. That will be great.	I just went on a vaction with my kids. Its was so relaxing. Have fun
6	I am ordering a pizza later. [SEP] I love Pizza. What kind are you going to have? [SEP] I have going to have a deep dish pepperoni.  I can't wait to eat it!	I have going to have a deep dish pepperoni.  I can't wait to eat it!	Sounds great. What time is supper? I want to be on time.LOL
8	My friend has this habit of getting too drunk and losing her mind on every vacation we go on. I'm thinking about canceling the one we have planned in a few weeks.	My friend has this habit of getting too drunk and losing her mind on every vacation we go on. I'm thinking about canceling the one we have planned in a few weeks.	You should to them before you do that
8	I love public speaking [SEP] That's nice, do you get nervous? [SEP] Not really. I feel really confident. I just kind of go for it. [SEP] That's great, do you have a warm up routine to get your ready? [SEP] No. I just seem to be able to block out any fear mentally. [SEP] Cool, what do you do if you happen to be low on energy? [SEP] It never really happens - I think the adrenalin kicks in.	It never really happens - I think the adrenalin kicks in.	Makes sense!
2	I just got tickets to see my favorite band at Red Rocks Amphitheater. Seeing a show there is on my bucket list [SEP] That's awesome, I haven't been to a concert in ages. Who is the band? [SEP] A Perfect Circle.  I'm so excited the show date can't get here fast enough!	A Perfect Circle.  I'm so excited the show date can't get here fast enough!	I hope you have a great time! I should try and see a show soon so i can be cool like you.
4	My 11 year old cat died this morning...	My 11 year old cat died this morning...	Oh no!  I am so sorry to hear that.  Did he die of old age?
0	The first time I watched the movie "The Ring" I didn't want to go home to my empty apartment I was so scared.	The first time I watched the movie "The Ring" I didn't want to go home to my empty apartment I was so scared.	I agree, that was a really scary one! I think it was much creepier than average horror movies.
2	My new neighbors just moved in, and they are around my age. Hope we can be friends.	My new neighbors just moved in, and they are around my age. Hope we can be friends.	My neighbors are terrible so I hope you have a good relationship
2	We've moved a lot of the past decade for my husband's job.	We've moved a lot of the past decade for my husband's job.	oh really, hopefully its a pretty nice job cause moving is not fun.
5	Hey! Yesterday, I signed for the gym near my house and an introductory personal training class with one of the trainers. Before leaving, I felt unsure if this was a good choice and what I should do. 	Hey! Yesterday, I signed for the gym near my house and an introductory personal training class with one of the trainers. Before leaving, I felt unsure if this was a good choice and what I should do. 	you will regret not going I think you should go
7	My best friend and I have been friends for over 20 years. I feel really lucky to have such a great friend. [SEP] That's so great! You guys have been able to stay close after so long! You must be very compatible with each other [SEP] we really are, we live over 500 miles apart now yet still best friends, it's pretty cool. 	we really are, we live over 500 miles apart now yet still best friends, it's pretty cool. 	Amazing! I wish I had some friends like that in my life
0	My husky usually spends most of her day outside in my fenced yard. She caught a squirrel the other day and was so excited to bring it to me and show me it.	My husky usually spends most of her day outside in my fenced yard. She caught a squirrel the other day and was so excited to bring it to me and show me it.	Ewwwwww.  Kinda gross.  My cats used to do that too.
4	My brother got hit with a DUI the other night. His wife said that was the last straw, as she was tired of his drinking. She kicked him out and now he's living with me. I feel so terrible for everyone involved, especially because they have two kids	My brother got hit with a DUI the other night. His wife said that was the last straw, as she was tired of his drinking. She kicked him out and now he's living with me. I feel so terrible for everyone involved, especially because they have two kids	sorry to hear that, my brother has a drinking problem too, and has kids, i love him but at this point we are more focused on the kids , i tell him if you get locked up who is gonna raise the girls , of course we are but still they need a father 
0	I am so gulible. I will believe anything you say. [SEP] I have had problems with that as well. I wish I had some advice to give. [SEP] Me too. I just have to spend a lot of time trying to figure out if someone is lying to me or not. 	Me too. I just have to spend a lot of time trying to figure out if someone is lying to me or not. 	Same here. And that can be very difficult, as you know!
4	I lost my job and my wife is a stay at home mom. I don't know how to pay for rent, i'm so stressed	I lost my job and my wife is a stay at home mom. I don't know how to pay for rent, i'm so stressed	oh no. o'm sorry to here that.
2	I'm installing a new dishwasher in my kitchen today! [SEP] That is great! Are you doing it yourself or are you hiring someone to help you out?  [SEP] I'm doing it myself! I've never done it, but I watched a bunch of YouTube videos, so I feel like I'm ready to tackle this job!	I'm doing it myself! I've never done it, but I watched a bunch of YouTube videos, so I feel like I'm ready to tackle this job!	That sounds exciting, it is always nice to have new kitchen appliances! I hope all goes well
3	My senior year wasn't nearly as good since my brother left for college that same year. [SEP] That's tough. I have two older brothers, so I know how that is. We're separated by four and eight years, respectively, so we weren't as close as you two seem to be, but I always liked having them around. [SEP] I feel you, me and my brother are really close so it was pretty sad not having him around.	I feel you, me and my brother are really close so it was pretty sad not having him around.	Well, absence always does make the heart grow fonder. It will make your relationship a little strained, but the time you guys do get to spend together maybe will mean more and you can enjoy it more. Hopefully his college work doesn't stress him out too much for him to be able to enjoy hanging out.
1	My little boy started Kindegarten today and I already feel all alone. [SEP] Awww how sweet. is he your only child? It does get easier.... [SEP] No I have 3, he is my youngest son.	No I have 3, he is my youngest son.	I felt the same way when my youngest started school. They grow up so fast. 
3	I am visiting my college kid soon!	I am visiting my college kid soon!	That's a special moment. To hopefully see your kids doing better than you and all that jazz. I'm in college but my parents live only a couple hours away, so I just visit them instead, since them coming to me wouldnt be anything too special. But congratulations to you and your kid
8	I wanted to get a new pool. My parents got a new pool and im so envious.". [SEP] Pools are so much fun. You can even throw parties just because you have them! [SEP] Yes I love to relax and have fun with friends.	Yes I love to relax and have fun with friends.	Same. Sometimes they can be expensive as far as chemicals and maintenance.
6	I was in shock when I saw a car accident on the highway. [SEP] was everyone ok? [SEP] I don't think so. They had a lot of ambulances blocking the wreck to cover it from view.	I don't think so. They had a lot of ambulances blocking the wreck to cover it from view.	oh no
6	I was pretty happy yesterday. I was going to see a movie I had wanted to see	I was pretty happy yesterday. I was going to see a movie I had wanted to see	what did you see?
7	My friend really is stronger than he looks. I thought he would have issues curling 35 lbs but he did it pretty easily. 	My friend really is stronger than he looks. I thought he would have issues curling 35 lbs but he did it pretty easily. 	That's amazing! I wish I could lift that much.
1	my friend joined the airforce and became an air traffic controller.	my friend joined the airforce and became an air traffic controller.	That sounds like some good work experience. How long is he in.
3	I am angry that I was fired today/ [SEP] I'm sorry, why did you get fired? [SEP] I was not given a reason.	I was not given a reason.	Things will work out if you stay positive.
7	I am having a baby! I will learn the gender today!	I am having a baby! I will learn the gender today!	Wow wow wow! That is wonderful and exciting! Congratulations!!!!! Do you have any vibes as to gender, one way or the other?
7	Seinor year. I am graduating a 35 year old single mom	Seinor year. I am graduating a 35 year old single mom	Congratulations on that. You truly did it. Age is just a number. I hope you have your whole life ahead of you yet
6	I cant wait to leave for vacation next week! I cant stop thinking about it.	I cant wait to leave for vacation next week! I cant stop thinking about it.	Oh nice. Any big plans for it?
8	I've always tried to be loyal and trustworthy to my wife and daughters. [SEP] Most people do not possess those qualities these days.  That is quite honorable of you.  Being faithful is quite important! [SEP] Thank You. It's one of the few things that I've gotten right in my life, so I'm pretty proud of it.	Thank You. It's one of the few things that I've gotten right in my life, so I'm pretty proud of it.	You should be.  I am sure your family appreciates it as well!
3	I just had my third job interview this month yesterday! It's been really great having so many job interveiws and I've gotten positive feedback from all of them! I really think I'm going to get one of these jobs!	I just had my third job interview this month yesterday! It's been really great having so many job interveiws and I've gotten positive feedback from all of them! I really think I'm going to get one of these jobs!	Oh I hope you do get the job! What is it?
6	Goodness, I was working the concession stand at Emma's ball game. I bent over to grab a box of crackers and split my pants open!!!	Goodness, I was working the concession stand at Emma's ball game. I bent over to grab a box of crackers and split my pants open!!!	Oh my gosh!!! That's pretty funny. Did anyone see what happened?
7	I opened the back door to let my dog out and a giant roach tried to fly in the door. [SEP] Wow. Did the roach make it? [SEP] He did but I killed him.	He did but I killed him.	Dang. You sure told him!
7	I have worked the same job and lived in the same apartment for 12 years. [SEP] is that good or bad? [SEP] It is just fine. I am in no hurry to change it.	It is just fine. I am in no hurry to change it.	well, as long as you're happy
8	The other day I went walking in the woods alone when I heard some noise behind some bushes. [SEP] Oh no sounds scary.  What happened next? [SEP] Yes I was really scared, but it turnes out it was just some squirrels.	Yes I was really scared, but it turnes out it was just some squirrels.	That goodness for that! There is nothing worse than hearing noises like that when you are alone walking.
0	My first pregnancy did not go as planned at all - in fact, it will probably go down as the most scary time in my life. [SEP] Oh no! What happened? I can't imagine having to go through something that scary.  [SEP] Things were fine until 36 weeks.  Then all you know what happened.  I developed HELLP syndrome, my organs started shutting down, blood pressure was super high.  Had an emergency c-section and in the hospital for over a week after - came close to losing both of us.	Things were fine until 36 weeks.  Then all you know what happened.  I developed HELLP syndrome, my organs started shutting down, blood pressure was super high.  Had an emergency c-section and in the hospital for over a week after - came close to losing both of us.	Holy moly! I am so glad you are okay. I'm sure that gave you quite a fright. 
6	I went to my nephews basketball game and he was the highest scorer on the team. I had no idea he was that good. [SEP] That sounds exciting! [SEP] He was so good. He really blew me away with his skill. He reminded me of Lebron James.	He was so good. He really blew me away with his skill. He reminded me of Lebron James.	How old is your nephew?
2	I am happy with my life right now [SEP] Good.  It's important that we all feel satsified with our situations. [SEP] that is for sure, I am for now though	that is for sure, I am for now though	Well I hope nothing changes, and you stay happy forever!
2	I was shocked to see my dog missing the other day!	I was shocked to see my dog missing the other day!	Oh, no I hope you found him and he is ok.
1	I had to go to the DMV today to renew my license. It took 4 hours and I ended up having to use a sick day...Not happy!	I had to go to the DMV today to renew my license. It took 4 hours and I ended up having to use a sick day...Not happy!	I swear, the DMV is the *worst*!
6	I ran a red light this morning	I ran a red light this morning	Did you do it on pourpuse? and if so did you feel bad after?
2	I have my final math exam tomorrow. I have been studying all week! [SEP] Are you ready for it? [SEP] I am indeed! I am going to kill this thing!	I am indeed! I am going to kill this thing!	Yeah I have faith in ya!!  Tear it up!
4	I lived with this girl once and I trusted her. Found out I never should have.	I lived with this girl once and I trusted her. Found out I never should have.	Oh, sorry to hear that man. Yeah girls are hard to trust these days. What's up with that?
5	I saw someone put chocolate on their nachos.	I saw someone put chocolate on their nachos.	That should be a crime!
8	I am really getting irritated with the traffic nowadays [SEP] I know! It's terrible everywhere! And I'm the only one who knows how to drive because I created the automobile! [SEP] indeed that's how it is now!! and horn sounds are just terrible. It gets on my nerves	indeed that's how it is now!! and horn sounds are just terrible. It gets on my nerves	Ugh. The horn is the worse! Especially those loud, obnoxious semi-truck horns!
7	My son recently won a swim meet and got first place for butterfly stroke [SEP] How long has he been a swimmer? [SEP] 3 years! It took a lot of training for him to get to this point! I'm so proud!	3 years! It took a lot of training for him to get to this point! I'm so proud!	As you should be. I wish I liked to swim.
8	I really like looking through old pictures. Its so nice to look back on the past. 	I really like looking through old pictures. Its so nice to look back on the past. 	I used to enjoy doing that with my grandmother, she'd tell me all about when my dad was little.  I love old stories like that.
0	I'm excited for school to start and for the kids to get out of my hair for at least some of the day! [SEP] lol! I bet, how old are they? [SEP] I have 6 year old and an 11 year old.  I'll have the mornings to myself at last!	I have 6 year old and an 11 year old.  I'll have the mornings to myself at last!	Ohhh! Those times are nice. I only have a partner but I know I love my quiet mornings and my morning routine :)
3	I was talking to my boss and used a word that I didn't know the real meaning of. made a total fool of myself. lol [SEP] Wow, was it embarrassing? [SEP] Totally. at least I know what the word means now so I can use it in the future.	Totally. at least I know what the word means now so I can use it in the future.	Dang! Well at least you got a good story to tell now!
5	i cleaned my parents attic and found all my old kids toys!	i cleaned my parents attic and found all my old kids toys!	Nice! That must be so much fun to see all that stuff again. Maybe they are collectors items now.
3	 I am not feeling in a good mood today. 	 I am not feeling in a good mood today. 	Oh no, I hope you feel better soon. Do you want to talk about it?
5	MY ex recentyl just started paying child support. Its been like 6 years	MY ex recentyl just started paying child support. Its been like 6 years	It's about time then. Maybe now you will be able to get the back payments too.
3	I just had my third job interview this month yesterday! It's been really great having so many job interveiws and I've gotten positive feedback from all of them! I really think I'm going to get one of these jobs!	I just had my third job interview this month yesterday! It's been really great having so many job interveiws and I've gotten positive feedback from all of them! I really think I'm going to get one of these jobs!	Oh I hope you do get the job! What is it?
2	I was on my first date with a girl last night and I accidentally passed gas during dinner. [SEP] that must've been embarrassing, how did you recover? [SEP] I just pretended it didn't happen and hoped that she didn't hear it. It just slipped out and said hello.	I just pretended it didn't happen and hoped that she didn't hear it. It just slipped out and said hello.	You're so kind she will love that.
0	I want to lose wait and I'm trying to eat less, but just a few minutes ago a had some sugar cravings and ate a whole package of cookies. [SEP] Yes I understand!  It is so hard to lose weight! [SEP] Yes, and now I feel awful about eating those cookies.	Yes, and now I feel awful about eating those cookies.	Yes.  Chocolate is my nemesis.  I think it is more addicting than cocaine
0	I really needed to workout one day since I skipped the day before. I quickly made a meal and then a protein shake to get ready.	I really needed to workout one day since I skipped the day before. I quickly made a meal and then a protein shake to get ready.	That's good! Keep it up. It's hard to follow routine sometimes
2	I am getting a promotion this month!!. Years of hardwork paying off now!! [SEP] Congrats! That is great news! [SEP] Indeed it is!! i couldn't hide my excitement in the office lol	Indeed it is!! i couldn't hide my excitement in the office lol	I bet! You deserve to be proud and excited though. You have worked hard for this.
5	I cut a guy off in traffic today when i was in a rush to work [SEP] Did he wreck? [SEP] no but i felt bad for cutting him off	no but i felt bad for cutting him off	You should. I could have been really bad.
5	i had some weak feeling on my interview day [SEP] I'm sorry, interviews can be rough. Was there a part of the interview day that you found especially difficult? [SEP] no i had to take it the way it was	no i had to take it the way it was	Maybe it went better than you thought! If not, you still gained some experience from the day.
8	My friend woke up late and missed the final exam. Turns out he helped a blind lady get home.	My friend woke up late and missed the final exam. Turns out he helped a blind lady get home.	That was noble
1	My brother lives across the country and told me he wouldn't make it out for my graduation but he did anyway! [SEP] I bet that was a nice surprise [SEP] It was, I didn't think it'd happen but it did!	It was, I didn't think it'd happen but it did!	That is always a nice surprise
0	I get so envious of rich people	I get so envious of rich people	Me too, I like to see them as inspiration
3	When I was a kid, my house was hit by a tornado, I was scared to death! [SEP] Oh no! How did you and your family do? Was the house damaged? [SEP] Thankfully everyone was ok, but yes, the house was hit good and we had to move.	Thankfully everyone was ok, but yes, the house was hit good and we had to move.	Hopefully that never will happen to you again, that is terrible.
5	I saw a Facebook post depicting suffering Syrian children that my friend shared on Facebook. I feel so sad for those innocent kids [SEP] That's very sad.  Are you planning on going to syria to help them? [SEP] I am not planning at all and I do not have financial means to do so. But i hope the war would end soon and peace would bring them some relief	I am not planning at all and I do not have financial means to do so. But i hope the war would end soon and peace would bring them some relief	It could end today if everyone came to an agreement.
7	I've been having a rough relationship lately, so tomorrow I plan to break up with my girlfriend.  [SEP] Oh no... I hope it's for the best [SEP] Well, I know how I feel and why it's not working. So I'll simply tell it like it is, it shouldn't be too bad.	Well, I know how I feel and why it's not working. So I'll simply tell it like it is, it shouldn't be too bad.	Good luck :)
7	I wab blessed enough to be able to see two of my daughters graduate from high school. I couldn't be more happy for them.	I wab blessed enough to be able to see two of my daughters graduate from high school. I couldn't be more happy for them.	Oh, that's wonderful!  Tell them congratulations for me! You must be bursting with pride!  
1	My new dog keeps trying to sit on her new puppy. It's making me quite upset.  [SEP] Have you tried find a away to keep the seperated? [SEP] Yes, I h ave to moniter her all day and it's stressed me out. She is being very obsessive and freaks out if she is away from her puppy....Sigh! [SEP] I'm sure that it will get better. Dogs are really smart so if you keep working with her I'm sure she will get it.  [SEP] Yes, she is young..and clearly very neglected as she was starved...Can't even believe she had a healthy puppy..I think something weird happened to her pups before. Poor dog!	Yes, she is young..and clearly very neglected as she was starved...Can't even believe she had a healthy puppy..I think something weird happened to her pups before. Poor dog!	Oh my gosh! It sound like she has a had a rough life. You are great for taking care of her!
7	Back in 2013 I won an NCAA bracket challenge online through a local restaurant. The payout was $1,000 cash. I was really excited...felt great.	Back in 2013 I won an NCAA bracket challenge online through a local restaurant. The payout was $1,000 cash. I was really excited...felt great.	Wow... That is exciting. Congratulations! I also won my fantasy football league this year and won $300 as well.
8	I found out my group of friends went to the beach last weekend and did not invite me for some reason. I don't really know why though? [SEP] That was rude. Did you confront them? [SEP] I dont know how to, Im not really a confrontational person. What do you suggest?	I dont know how to, Im not really a confrontational person. What do you suggest?	I suggest you just ask them why they didn't invite you straight up. No need to sugarcoat the main topic
1	I found $50 in my desk drawer at work.	I found $50 in my desk drawer at work.	I bet you were really excited.
5	My sister got a new pair of shoes. They were the same ones that I had been wanting but can't afford. I should have been happy for her but I wasn't. [SEP] A little jealous much?  Maybe you should pick up a side job? [SEP] Probably but I can't right now. I know how I feel isn't right but I can't help it.	Probably but I can't right now. I know how I feel isn't right but I can't help it.	Maybe you can borrow them?
6	I got pulled over by the cops in front of my son's school. [SEP] Why? [SEP] I was speeding.  I was so humiliated. 	I was speeding.  I was so humiliated. 	In a school zone? thats not good
2	I can beleive it i won! i won a free disney cruise! [SEP] Awesome! you are extremely lucky. Will you be bringing anyone with you. [SEP] I have to bring my wife of course	I have to bring my wife of course	Duh! You better, I do hope you have a whale of a time. I would be elated.
7	I am having a baby! I will learn the gender today!	I am having a baby! I will learn the gender today!	Wow wow wow! That is wonderful and exciting! Congratulations!!!!! Do you have any vibes as to gender, one way or the other?
7	I forgot to let my dog back inside yesterday before I went to work. [SEP] oh yea did he run away? [SEP] Yes he did and we did not find him until the next morning. 	Yes he did and we did not find him until the next morning. 	oh thats good
1	A really young guy hooked up my cable yesterday. [SEP] Are you a guy too? I bet you were envious of his looks and age hahah [SEP] Haha. No I was just impressed that he did such a good job, and so quickly. He was pretty cute too	Haha. No I was just impressed that he did such a good job, and so quickly. He was pretty cute too	Nice, I bet it was super fast!
7	HEY... WHAT ARE YOUR HOBBIES	HEY... WHAT ARE YOUR HOBBIES	Hunting, fishing and computers.
8	I have a meeting with my boss for my yearly evaluation tomorrow morning, yikes! [SEP] you must be nervous, but im sure you will be fine [SEP] I am and we'll see, I may have came in late a little too much recently.	I am and we'll see, I may have came in late a little too much recently.	hahaha that might be a small proble, but nothing to be worried about
4	My cousin threw my phone in the fire because he thought it was firewood.  [SEP] hahahahahaha he must be cunning [SEP] I am still so mad at him. It was my only phone.	I am still so mad at him. It was my only phone.	ooooh no i feel sorry but punish him
8	I used to love playing pokemon with my friends what a great game that was as a kid [SEP] Yes it was! I loved collecting the cards. They have pokemon go now  [SEP] I have played that, I love it, I cannot wait for the new pokemon game for the switch	I have played that, I love it, I cannot wait for the new pokemon game for the switch	 I liked it too it was fun to get out and get walking. 
5	I was riding the train today, and some guy just had an open wound, practically gushing blood. He didn't seem to really mind and everyone else seemed to just be unphased by it. I guess that's city life for you.	I was riding the train today, and some guy just had an open wound, practically gushing blood. He didn't seem to really mind and everyone else seemed to just be unphased by it. I guess that's city life for you.	I see that more in the country I guess. That would be horrifying. But maybe he is just immune to pain?
1	I got approved for a scholarship for college that I had been competing for for many months!	I got approved for a scholarship for college that I had been competing for for many months!	Nice! I wish I was more active in searching for scholarships like it sounds like you are. But this one sounds like it was a lot of hard work to earn. I haven't been the smartest about lightening the student loan debt burden while in school. Good on you for looking ahead.
3	I was lonely for a bit after my girlfriend and I broke up. It was not something I was expecting [SEP] Break ups normally have that affect  [SEP] Yeah I know that now for sure	Yeah I know that now for sure	yes. It is not easy at all. It will get better. one day at time 
7	I can't believe I got accepted to school	I can't believe I got accepted to school	Congratulations
0	I took the garbage to the road last night and the bag burst. Got nasty stuff all over my shirt. [SEP] Ugh, that's the worst!  Bright side - at least you weren't far from home that you were able to clean everything up, right? [SEP] No, my garbage can is 2 miles away. The smell was so strong that a herd of possums jumped me on the way back. [SEP] *blinks*  One, I didn't know possums travelled in herds and two, I am only hoping your day didn't get worse from there? [SEP] Oh, but it did. When I was almost there...ALMOST...a gaggle of ravenous hobos shanked me. I'm not sure why, but it happened, I swear.	Oh, but it did. When I was almost there...ALMOST...a gaggle of ravenous hobos shanked me. I'm not sure why, but it happened, I swear.	Bless it!  And you survived all of that to tell the tale!  And all of this over a busted garbage bag!  We gotta get you a better brand of garbage bags, friend.  :)
3	I walked into a public restroom then quickly walked out.	I walked into a public restroom then quickly walked out.	i hate to ask why you walked back out
6	My two daughters are musicians. [SEP] Do they play any instruments? [SEP] violin and piano	violin and piano	That's cool, can they sing too?
8	My boss earns way more money than me for less work.	My boss earns way more money than me for less work.	Chain of command do work. We can't help it, I feel the same
4	I was watching the Tour De France cycling race over the last week or two [SEP] Wow. Was it intersting? [SEP] Definitely. I was surprised by that Geraint Thomas won.	Definitely. I was surprised by that Geraint Thomas won.	I have no idea who that is. Sorry.
0	Super excited about some moisturizer I am getting tomorrow. 	Super excited about some moisturizer I am getting tomorrow. 	Oh I love trying new things for me! Everyone deserves spoiling sometimes
5	I think all of my friends are just around for my money. [SEP] I'm sure they're not - what makes you think that? [SEP] They never pay for anything and always look to me when the bill comes.	They never pay for anything and always look to me when the bill comes.	Perhaps next time the bill arrives, say something like, "ok, so that's $25 each" and take out $25 and put it on the table. They may take the hint.
8	Currently, I am having some financial issues. [SEP] that is the worst. i am sorry to hear that. [SEP] I have a job but the salary is not enough. I have also some health issues. So I have some expenses related to that.	I have a job but the salary is not enough. I have also some health issues. So I have some expenses related to that.	those medical bills do add up. i wish we didnt have to pay so much to keep ourselves healthy
3	I get sentimental about my brothers, they are very important to me [SEP] are they alive or gone ? [SEP] they are here, hopefully for my whole life	they are here, hopefully for my whole life	yes they will believe in it
5	My daughter is still up asking me for snacks. It is 3 am [SEP] That's a hard thing to deal with. Do you think she's really hungry? [SEP] No. She just doesnt want to go to bed,	No. She just doesnt want to go to bed,	Maybe her body clock is out of whack.
3	I had so many bad dates recently. I just know my next one is gonna be great.	I had so many bad dates recently. I just know my next one is gonna be great.	I hope it is - do you have any funny experiences from the bad ones?
6	I think I did very well in my work and will have a fantastic design to show my boss!	I think I did very well in my work and will have a fantastic design to show my boss!	When will you show your boss the design?
3	I sure miss the days when I was young and living at home. We had a nice house and all I had to do was schoolwork and play with my friends. [SEP] True, you must be feeling nostalgic, kids going back to school and all [SEP] Yeah now I have responsibilities. I wish I could go back to how things were.	Yeah now I have responsibilities. I wish I could go back to how things were.	Someone needs to invent a time machine!
3	A hurricane is headed my way.  I have been working all day. [SEP] A hurricane? That sounds awful! Where is it, I haven't heard anything about one, I live in Florida.  [SEP] Well I live in Florida too.  That's funny that you haven't heard of this LOL.	Well I live in Florida too.  That's funny that you haven't heard of this LOL.	I better check, its better to be prepared then dead!!
8	The hotdog I had tasted pretty funky. I'm not sure if it's gone bad [SEP] I hope you do not get sick! [SEP] Yea, me too. I don't even know why I finished it.	Yea, me too. I don't even know why I finished it.	I guess you were hungru
5	so the other week a barista at a coffee shop i frequent remembered my order before i even spoke. [SEP] Well that must have been nice!  I assume you wanted it and not something different? [SEP] Yeah! I was actually giddy that she remembered as silly as that sounds.	Yeah! I was actually giddy that she remembered as silly as that sounds.	No that sounds great, I don't go to the same places enough for that, maybe I'll get lucky someday!
8	Man.  You know what really grinds my gears?? [SEP] What is that? [SEP] This STUPID printer we have at work!!!!  I hate it hate it HATE it!!! 	This STUPID printer we have at work!!!!  I hate it hate it HATE it!!! 	You should throw it out the window.
6	I just found out my sister in law's husband was cheating on her for the past three years. As someone who is has been married for over 12 years and never even considered the idea of cheating, I'm shocked.	I just found out my sister in law's husband was cheating on her for the past three years. As someone who is has been married for over 12 years and never even considered the idea of cheating, I'm shocked.	I don't understand why people just don't break up. Why cheat?
3	I was ready for my drivers test! [SEP] Did you do well [SEP] I tried so hard but in the end I failed.	I tried so hard but in the end I failed.	You will do better next time
4	I was really young and didn't know any better so I stole this item that I really wanted and felt bad afterward.	I was really young and didn't know any better so I stole this item that I really wanted and felt bad afterward.	You need to wipe away the guilt and seek forgiveness for yourself.
0	For our wedding anniversary, my wife bought a trip to Hawai. I was not expecting that. [SEP] What an excellent surprise! How was your trip? [SEP] Our trip is in one week. I am very excited to go.	Our trip is in one week. I am very excited to go.	I am excited for you, it's unbelievably beautiful!
2	Took my son to ER because he had a sore throat.  They misdiagnosed it and it got worse. [SEP] Oh no! That's not good at all. It's hard to diagnose things sometimes [SEP] Well, after a few days of getting worse, took him to his primary dr.  He gave antibiotics for a sore throat.	Well, after a few days of getting worse, took him to his primary dr.  He gave antibiotics for a sore throat.	Well I'm glad he got some antibiotics for it. I hope that helped enough!
8	So, after 10 years of service at my job, they're going to lay me off. [SEP] Wait, what?! That's unbelievable! Why? [SEP] The company is apparently downsizing...they say my name came up randomly. 	The company is apparently downsizing...they say my name came up randomly. 	Riiiight...that's a stupid lie if I've ever heard one. Fight this if you can! After 10 years, they should be promoting you if anything.
1	I got a call and the guy kept asking for all my info like my social it was kinda unerving	I got a call and the guy kept asking for all my info like my social it was kinda unerving	That is very odd, I wouldn't give them any of that information. He is up to no good!
0	A friend of mine is a self-published writer. She put out 22 books this year! I can't believe how many she did. 	A friend of mine is a self-published writer. She put out 22 books this year! I can't believe how many she did. 	That is wild, I wish i could write and make money.
2	I lost a bet with my work friend so now i owe him $50 [SEP] Oops. What did you bet about? [SEP] A football game, I should have never betted against him	A football game, I should have never betted against him	I like to bet in the football pools at the bar I visit. I lose a lot though.
4	I have recently started a business with my spouse. We knew it was going to work out!	I have recently started a business with my spouse. We knew it was going to work out!	wow. Am happy for you, just commit to it and it will thrive
2	Me ex is never on time with his child support payments.	Me ex is never on time with his child support payments.	That is bad. I hope you found a solution with him.
7	my son used the pottty for the first time	my son used the pottty for the first time	Congratulations, looks like you guys will be saving a lot of money from no more diapers.
7	My finances will be getting better in the next year. [SEP] That has got to feel good!  Did you get a raise or a new job? [SEP] I get a raise that kicks in in February.	I get a raise that kicks in in February.	Congratulations!  Your life should feel a little less stressful when you get it!
2	We had a departmental meeting at work recently that made me feel really anxious.  We're trying to figure out who our new department head should be. [SEP] I think you will be fine. Don't feel too anxious worrying won't do anything [SEP] One of the candidates is someone who makes a bunch of us miserable, so we're worried they will get the job.	One of the candidates is someone who makes a bunch of us miserable, so we're worried they will get the job.	prayer works for me. I hope it does for you too so that person you just talked about won't get the job
7	I ma very proud of my son [SEP] Aw, I be so. How old is he? [SEP] he is 18 and got accepted at MIT. 	he is 18 and got accepted at MIT. 	Wow, congratulations! That is such an accomplishment. He must be very bright
5	I failed my accounting class over the summer. I now have to retake it setting me back a little. Im a little bummed out. [SEP] That sucks. Did you have a hard time with it? [SEP] I did. I really tried to do well too.	I did. I really tried to do well too.	Maybe you can get a tutor this time.
8	I can't believe my son decided to draw on the seats of my car with permanent marker!	I can't believe my son decided to draw on the seats of my car with permanent marker!	Oh no. It's hard to get mad at them when there really isn't anything you can do about it now.
5	I have lived by myself for the past 10 years. It was always just me and my dog. [SEP] Is it something you enjoy?  [SEP] Well, my dog just passed away so now it's just me. I am having a hard time getting used to it.	Well, my dog just passed away so now it's just me. I am having a hard time getting used to it.	I know we are all different but maybe getting another puppy would help? 
3	It wasn't easy recently when I told a friend I needed to stay home from going out for food and some entertainment because it wasn't something I could afford. [SEP] I am sorry to hear that. I hope your financial situation improves in the future. [SEP] I do, too! Though, when you are caretaking for a parent, I realize it will be a very long time before that happens.	I do, too! Though, when you are caretaking for a parent, I realize it will be a very long time before that happens.	I believe that you will be in a better situation soon.
1	I left my son with a baby sitter for the first time recently. [SEP] Awww. I remember the first time I left my son with the babysitter. So many emotions. How old is he? [SEP] He's 18 months.  It went pretty well!  I think it was worse for me than him haha	He's 18 months.  It went pretty well!  I think it was worse for me than him haha	I bet it was! I am glad you survived. lol
8	Got a box of ramen. Should last me through the week.	Got a box of ramen. Should last me through the week.	I love ramen! not the healthiest food in the world but tastes good and hits the spot
0	I was rummaging around my closet yesterday and found my old collection of Pokemon cards	I was rummaging around my closet yesterday and found my old collection of Pokemon cards	Seems one would know where that kept such precious things
7	I'm flying on a plane tomorrow. I hope it goes wheels up and wheels down with no trouble... But it's the first time I've flown, and I'm pretty sure any sign of turbulence is just going to make me want to hurl. Plus, I'm worried about getting lost in an airport! [SEP] what is with the book you are writing? people dont chat like that. yea christmas list [SEP] Sorry about that. I'll keep it shorter. Nothing, was just trying to express how I'm feeling about things.	Sorry about that. I'll keep it shorter. Nothing, was just trying to express how I'm feeling about things.	its all good. you are able to write very well. im jealous
8	At a shop, a seller was lying about the prices of the items that he was selling.	At a shop, a seller was lying about the prices of the items that he was selling.	I hate when they do that
5	New neighbors moved in this week, and they have a dog that looks almost exactly like my childhood dog. [SEP] How interesting.  How does that make you feel? [SEP] When I first saw it I felt like I had time traveled for a second.  So weird.	When I first saw it I felt like I had time traveled for a second.  So weird.	Yes, I think that would be a little surreal, and I might feel ambivalent about it.
7	I could not wait for the first day of college. I was just ready for it [SEP] I remember that feeling myself back on my first day of college [SEP] Yeah, Its a nice feeling to have	Yeah, Its a nice feeling to have	The first years is the best
1	Sometimes I hum songs from the 90s to myself, they were such earworms [SEP] Older songs definitely have more texture and quality to them compared to the manufactured stuff we have that all sounds the same [SEP] Yeah, but maybe we'll feel the same way in another 20 years haha	Yeah, but maybe we'll feel the same way in another 20 years haha	Yeah when robots are like walking around playing the latest hologram music or something haha
1	I was able to make it through some hard times when my parents were able to lend me some money to finish college.	I was able to make it through some hard times when my parents were able to lend me some money to finish college.	That was really nice of them and lucky they were able to help you.
1	My dog loves to hide whenever she has to poop or pee. So I always find hidden treasures around my apartment and boy is it gross!	My dog loves to hide whenever she has to poop or pee. So I always find hidden treasures around my apartment and boy is it gross!	Sounds gross lol
0	I like to be well ready for a big trip, don't you ?	I like to be well ready for a big trip, don't you ?	Yes, I love big trips. I spend hours packing!
0	I saw a cook today not wash his hands after using the restroom. [SEP] yikes that pretty bad [SEP] It was really nasty to see.  I hope no one got sick.	It was really nasty to see.  I hope no one got sick.	yea i know what you mean
5	My wife has out of town for a couple weeks and we just moved to this city. I feel so bored and have no one to hang out with.	My wife has out of town for a couple weeks and we just moved to this city. I feel so bored and have no one to hang out with.	Oh no, maybe try going to reddit and ask people what to do in your city!
2	My son cheated on an exam in high school last year. I was disappointed when he told me, and I gave him the choice to come clean. I told him I wouldn't turn him in, that only he could decide that. He decided to tell the teacher what he did [SEP] He did the right thing, how did the teacher react? [SEP] He got the punishment he deserved. Failed the exam, failed the class. Had to make it up over the summer. Learned his lesson I'm sure. But I'd rather he do that then cover his tracks and get rewarded for dishonesty.	He got the punishment he deserved. Failed the exam, failed the class. Had to make it up over the summer. Learned his lesson I'm sure. But I'd rather he do that then cover his tracks and get rewarded for dishonesty.	Well, you're doing a good job as a parent. There's no justification for what he's done but he had the strength of character to confess to the teacher when confronted. He's still a good kid even if he does bad things occasionally. I hope you guys can put this past you quickly.
1	I was running late for work last week and evidently did not finish getting dressed.	I was running late for work last week and evidently did not finish getting dressed.	oh my thats pretty funny
1	i bought all my school supplies for this semester already. I think I am good to go	i bought all my school supplies for this semester already. I think I am good to go	you are prepared more than ever !
0	usps "lost my mail"! I mean i got ALL my mail but not the letter that had a gift card in it!! hh [SEP] Wow, that's absurd.. Of course it's the ONE that's impotrant. [SEP] exactly! And there is no way to track it because my friend who sent it didn't get a tracking number	exactly! And there is no way to track it because my friend who sent it didn't get a tracking number	That's always so awful.. It's too bad it wasn't something you bought with a credit card and could just dispute it..
5	I put in vacation request months ago and am now just being told they can't grant it. [SEP] Oh no!  Why did it take them so long to get back with you? [SEP] I don't know really, but I think that's my last straw with them.	I don't know really, but I think that's my last straw with them.	That's horrible!  Did you already have plans made for the trip?  I hope you can work it out with them, but if not maybe finding another job that is a bit more accomodating would be beneficial.
7	My friends set me up a huge surprise party for my birthday. [SEP] Wow thats great. Were you delighted? [SEP] Very much so. I'm lucky to have a great group of friends.	Very much so. I'm lucky to have a great group of friends.	I wish I could be as lucky as you. Well happy belated birthday.
2	I really should be packing right now.  I am going to Vegas tomorrow.	I really should be packing right now.  I am going to Vegas tomorrow.	oh, it's good. Take your all belongings without fail. Hope you'll have good journey. 
7	I always let drivers perpendicular to me cut in when there is a line behind me. Show some love, right?	I always let drivers perpendicular to me cut in when there is a line behind me. Show some love, right?	Yea man, that's good karma!
5	I cant wait to take some time off of work. I have an awesome beach trip coming up next week. [SEP] Thats awesome.  Make sure you wear sunscreen.  Dont want to get burned [SEP] That would be the worst. I cant wait to just lay around all day drinking cold beers on the beach.	That would be the worst. I cant wait to just lay around all day drinking cold beers on the beach.	I need some time off of work too.  Maybe I should take a vacation!
0	I just found out that my sister in law is pregnant which is so exciting, but she has had a miscarriage before so I'm just trying to stay positive for her and I know things will go well. [SEP] That is exciting! I hope everything goes well. [SEP] I know she'll be great.  They're having a little boy and they already have a little boy so they'll be brothers!	I know she'll be great.  They're having a little boy and they already have a little boy so they'll be brothers!	I have two boys myself! I feel like two kids is the perfect amount. Not too much to drive you insane and just enough so your first isn't lonely.
0	Even if I were filthy rich I would have no problem ordering McDonald's at a drive-thru.  I'm a man of simple taste	Even if I were filthy rich I would have no problem ordering McDonald's at a drive-thru.  I'm a man of simple taste	mcdonalds is honestly gross to me though, rich or poor. i dont eat it.
5	I wish I could have some company on my nightly walks. [SEP] Do you just walk alone usually? [SEP] yes, and its nice and relaxing, just wouldnt mind company	yes, and its nice and relaxing, just wouldnt mind company	Maybe you can invite someone every now and then, like a neighbor or someone you trust.
7	I am happy to have my girlfriend of almost 3 years, she is amazing!	I am happy to have my girlfriend of almost 3 years, she is amazing!	Good for you, healthy relationships are the best part about life!
0	I am so mad Hillary Clinton didn't go to jail. [SEP] I can understand that.  I feel like Trump should have gone to jail a long time ago [SEP] No, he never breaks the law just takes advantage of it.	No, he never breaks the law just takes advantage of it.	I totally agree with you
0	I hate having to call the cable company. They always make me so mad! [SEP] Yes, the cable company is infuriating. Do they eventually help you though? [SEP] Nope. That's the worst part. I kept getting transferred, then got disconnected. They're the worst!	Nope. That's the worst part. I kept getting transferred, then got disconnected. They're the worst!	That's awful.  That definitely is the worst.  Maybe it's time to change companies.
1	My friend from highschool jsut told me she is moving back to town!	My friend from highschool jsut told me she is moving back to town!	Awesome.  You must be excited.
3	My daughter passed out one day last week. [SEP] Oh no! What do you think had happened or triggered it? [SEP] We took her to the ER and it turned out to be low blood sugar but she gave us quite a scare.  Now we just have to be really observant of the signs.	We took her to the ER and it turned out to be low blood sugar but she gave us quite a scare.  Now we just have to be really observant of the signs.	Hope she recovers and feels better overall soon. That can be quite the scare!
5	I was sad when a girl canceled our date. I was looking forward to it [SEP] Did she give you a reason why? [SEP] No she did not	No she did not	I'm sorry but maybe something came up for her that's a little personal?
0	I was jogging a couple days ago and suddenly a bear came out of the woods! [SEP] Oh my god! That sounds terrifying [SEP] Yeah, I just stopped in shock, but it crossed the path and kept going without missing a beat.	Yeah, I just stopped in shock, but it crossed the path and kept going without missing a beat.	Just don't get too close! You never know what can trigger them
7	I always have to save up to buy myself something nice. [SEP] I hear you :) I do the same [SEP] I envy people who can just spend so freely [SEP] I know right? I am working on a side business so I can do that one day. You should totally get a side hustle. [SEP] I should but I work and go to school. I don't know if I can right now [SEP] I understand! What are you going to school for? [SEP] psychology. its boring lol	psychology. its boring lol	I bet, it can help people and pay a lot in a career as well. Good luck!
1	So i lost my game boy when i was a kid [SEP] Go on [SEP] Well when i lost it my parents told me i won't be getting another one. Luckily one of my family friends got me a new one as a surprise.	Well when i lost it my parents told me i won't be getting another one. Luckily one of my family friends got me a new one as a surprise.	That's pretty cool.  Grew up with the Gameboy Color and Gameboy Advance myself
6	I am feeling down tonight.  I am broke until next week.	I am feeling down tonight.  I am broke until next week.	Oh no, do you at least have food?
7	I love watching movies from when I was a kid [SEP] Same here. I can sometimes remember where I was the first time Ive seen some to. [SEP] My kids think those movies arent as good as the one from today	My kids think those movies arent as good as the one from today	Some have aged really well though.
8	I live in a duplex and my neighbors keep parking their cars too far apart for me to park my one car and its a driveway for 4 cars. They really don't know how to park. [SEP] how are you going to resolve this issue [SEP] I've already spoken directly to them about it because there should be room left for even another car in case someone comes over.  They did it for about 2 days and then went back to doing it badly again.  I have to talk to the landlord next.	I've already spoken directly to them about it because there should be room left for even another car in case someone comes over.  They did it for about 2 days and then went back to doing it badly again.  I have to talk to the landlord next.	time to slash some tires
0	I'm afraid I'm going to do badly in my advanced programming class this semester! [SEP] you need not to be afraid as long as you've prepared very well [SEP] Yeah, I hope so! I've been practicing and coding all summer, hope I'm ready for it!	Yeah, I hope so! I've been practicing and coding all summer, hope I'm ready for it!	yes, i believe you are
7	I am worried I won't pass my chemistry test. I studied really hard but am afraid I won't know all the answers. [SEP] im sure you will be fine [SEP] Thanks for the encouragement. I will study some more with my friend.	Thanks for the encouragement. I will study some more with my friend.	good luck
4	I was in awe of the skills of my teammate. He is true gamer indeed. [SEP] What kind of gamer? [SEP] Video games.	Video games.	I love video games. 
4	I was running in the park, I slipped on a banana peel and fell. [SEP] oh no thats embarrassing. did anyone see? [SEP] Oh yes. There were a lot of people in the park. I am a cry baby so I started to cry.	Oh yes. There were a lot of people in the park. I am a cry baby so I started to cry.	i'm sorry to hear that! are you ok?
3	i had helped him to secure a good job, and he became rich, One day he saw me discussing with his fiancee, he didnt ask question first, he just came there and slapped me, we now engaged in a serious fight [SEP] That is such a bizarre story. [SEP] yea...it is	yea...it is	I hope it gets resolved.
0	I found out that my partner purchased a new bag for herself with my credit card. She did not even bother to let me know or ask me before using it	I found out that my partner purchased a new bag for herself with my credit card. She did not even bother to let me know or ask me before using it	WOW, I would be quite upset,  Atleast let me know before you do that!
6	I was so upset after I discovered that half of my take out order was completely missing from the bag!	I was so upset after I discovered that half of my take out order was completely missing from the bag!	That sucks! Did you have to go back for it?
5	I was with my family over the weekend, and I started feeling happy and a little teary eyed about our time together. [SEP] Do you not see them much? [SEP] No, it's tough because of the distance between where we live. So I try to treasure those moments we have.	No, it's tough because of the distance between where we live. So I try to treasure those moments we have.	I can relate. I last seen my mom around 8 years ago and my dad around 10 years ago. Maybe you should move closer to them.
3	Montreal city have done some major renovation to the downtown area. I very happy with the new improvement. [SEP] That sounds really nice! Does it just look better or is travel better? [SEP] It is look better. They made a new park just in front of my office. I can enjoy walking in the park during lunch time.	It is look better. They made a new park just in front of my office. I can enjoy walking in the park during lunch time.	That will make getting exercise during or after work a lot easier.
5	My favorite watch broke today. :( [SEP] That's no good, how did you break it? [SEP] it broke on its own accord. no clue. [SEP] no good, are you going to get another one? [SEP] Its a tag heuer.  I'm gonna get it fixed. [SEP] I'd buy it off you after it's fixed, I love tag heuer. [SEP] It was my grandfather's watch. I don't think you have enough money to cover its sentimental value.	It was my grandfather's watch. I don't think you have enough money to cover its sentimental value.	I wouldn't maybe I could get some recommendations for a nice one?
5	I don't want to go on this Tinder date. Nothing good will come of it.	I don't want to go on this Tinder date. Nothing good will come of it.	Don't be so negative about it. Maybe you'll really like the person.
0	I couldnt wait for Christmas last year. I was happy to see my family	I couldnt wait for Christmas last year. I was happy to see my family	wow me too we had fun
3	I recently had my friend watch my house while I was on vacation.	I recently had my friend watch my house while I was on vacation.	You must really trust them. I hope it turned out well.
3	i was schocked when i had to go home early	i was schocked when i had to go home early	Wow! What happened?  I hope everything is  okay.
1	I just got this $500 phone, and it's already broken. [SEP] Dang, that sucks. Do you have an insurance policy on it? [SEP] Yea. It's within the return period.	Yea. It's within the return period.	Nice. At least you won't lose any money.
3	Someone took my laptop from my car. [SEP] I am sorry to hear that. Thieves are really crappy people. [SEP] I know right! I am so angry someone stole it!	I know right! I am so angry someone stole it!	I hope they catch the person and you get your laptop back.
1	My car didn't have really functional air conditioning forever, and it was suffering. We finally had it fixed and now when I sit in it, it feels soooooo good, I'm so glad we had it done.	My car didn't have really functional air conditioning forever, and it was suffering. We finally had it fixed and now when I sit in it, it feels soooooo good, I'm so glad we had it done.	Thats awesome, i cant imagine not having AC in this hot florida weather!
0	Television is so different these days.	Television is so different these days.	I agree and it's full of commercials no one wants to see.
1	My husband comes home tomorrow from a month long business trip! I am so excited and cleaning the house and getting things all ready! [SEP] Oh you are such a great wife! I think he will totally appreciate it! Are you doing anything nice for him? [SEP] I'm making his favorite dinner and got my parents to take the kids after he spends some time with them so we can have a proper date!	I'm making his favorite dinner and got my parents to take the kids after he spends some time with them so we can have a proper date!	Oh, sounds very romantic! Have fun my friend!
7	I'm looking forward to my big break.  Don't know when it is but I know it'll be in this life because I've been at ground zero and am willing to go through more hell just to reach the decadent, prestigious pinnacle of material success in this lifetime and nothing can stop me	I'm looking forward to my big break.  Don't know when it is but I know it'll be in this life because I've been at ground zero and am willing to go through more hell just to reach the decadent, prestigious pinnacle of material success in this lifetime and nothing can stop me	Sounds like a goal to me. Good luck!
6	So my first day of college my girlfriend decided to break up with me. This is after 3 years of dating.	So my first day of college my girlfriend decided to break up with me. This is after 3 years of dating.	Why did she break up?
4	I bumped into some of my old high school friends randomly the other night.  We spent a lot of time talking and catching up [SEP] I bet that was nice [SEP] yea it was great! but ever since then ive just been thinking about the old times and some people from my past and wondering what they are up to	yea it was great! but ever since then ive just been thinking about the old times and some people from my past and wondering what they are up to	I am happy for you
5	I was sad when a girl canceled our date. I was looking forward to it [SEP] Did she give you a reason why? [SEP] No she did not	No she did not	I'm sorry but maybe something came up for her that's a little personal?
7	okay so back in may of last year I graduated college	okay so back in may of last year I graduated college	Congratulations.  What did you get your degree in?
4	Currently, I am having some financial issues.	Currently, I am having some financial issues.	that is the worst. i am sorry to hear that.
0	I still have my first gaming PC. It reminds me of my best friend. [SEP] How old is it? Did you guys play on it a lot together? [SEP] It's about 6 years old now I think. Nah, I built a new one since then.	It's about 6 years old now I think. Nah, I built a new one since then.	That's cool, I don't know the first thing about building my own pc.
4	my dog I have rasied since she was apup got ran over last week , I had her for thirteen years and I don't no how I can go on with out her Its like everything will never be the same. [SEP] Oh no, you must be devastated. Wish I could give you a hug. [SEP] yes i was but ill make it threw it.	yes i was but ill make it threw it.	It's tough to lose someone you love. 
1	the future can be so scary, the unknown terrifies me. [SEP] Yeah it scares me to think about that sometimes, too. What in particular do you fear could happen? [SEP] i don't know, i guess just not being able to control life.	i don't know, i guess just not being able to control life.	Yeah that's true, you can't always be in control of everything.  
8	Someone brought me flowers this morning. It was very nice but I don't have a vase or anything. [SEP] You can always use and old mason jar wrapped in some hemp fiber [SEP] Oh! That's smart. I'm not crafty, clearly lol	Oh! That's smart. I'm not crafty, clearly lol	Oh you can be! Everyone can! It just takes the will to cut the fabric! 
1	I can't wait to get my new galaxy note 8!	I can't wait to get my new galaxy note 8!	That is an awesome phone!
8	I drank yesterday on my lunch break and was nervous to come back into the office afterwards. [SEP] Why were you nervous [SEP] I was a little buzzed but it was definitely worth it as I got to try a few new-to-me sour beers	I was a little buzzed but it was definitely worth it as I got to try a few new-to-me sour beers	I do love a good sour
8	I remember ordering tattoo machines , then was given the the date of delivery it was going to take 5 weeks that put my anxiety through the roof	I remember ordering tattoo machines , then was given the the date of delivery it was going to take 5 weeks that put my anxiety through the roof	Being helpless when waiting for things is the worst feeling. There's nothing you can do but you need to do something!
4	We just had a giant storm roll through this week. So much rain and lightning. The ground got so saturated that a tree fell down in my yard. [SEP] Wow! I hope it didn't cause a lot of damage, I have a bunch of very tall trees in my yard as well. [SEP] Unfortunately it did. It fell right on my shed and absolutely flattened. I have insurance but the shed had a lot of tools in it that held kind of a family heirloom value to me.	Unfortunately it did. It fell right on my shed and absolutely flattened. I have insurance but the shed had a lot of tools in it that held kind of a family heirloom value to me.	That's terrible I'm sorry to hear that. I'm also glad you have insurance.
8	I took my daughter roller skating for the first time recently and I was taken right back to my childhood. All I could think about was spending my Friday nights as a kid at the roller rink!	I took my daughter roller skating for the first time recently and I was taken right back to my childhood. All I could think about was spending my Friday nights as a kid at the roller rink!	wow nostalgic. Wish you had time machine..
0	I spent a ton of money on computer upgrades and purchasing a new game I was excited for. Turns out it's actually pretty boring. [SEP] I'm sure there'll be other games it will be useful for. [SEP] Yeah. While I'm pretty bummed out, the only wasted money was on the game. It's always nice to have a power and fast computer.	Yeah. While I'm pretty bummed out, the only wasted money was on the game. It's always nice to have a power and fast computer.	I built my own too a few years ago.
8	I was susprised when my parents let me get my license the day I turned 16, that is not really like them	I was susprised when my parents let me get my license the day I turned 16, that is not really like them	Well at 16 you have experienced alot of life and are ready to move on
2	Today I received and invitation to a big party in 2 weeks. [SEP] Are you planning to attend? [SEP]  I knew the party was taking place, but didn't expect I was going to be invited, but sure I am looking forward, I've heard it is going to be amazing.	 I knew the party was taking place, but didn't expect I was going to be invited, but sure I am looking forward, I've heard it is going to be amazing.	I hope you have a great time!
2	i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog! [SEP] Oh no, is your dog okay? [SEP] dont know he is still missing	dont know he is still missing	I hope your dog is found safe.
7	I have been trying to save money for a big vacation next summer. [SEP] where you going? [SEP] I hope I can save enough... I want to go to Egypt and see the pyramids	I hope I can save enough... I want to go to Egypt and see the pyramids	oh that sounds great. good luck
5	I dumped my girlfriend yesterday for no reason. [SEP] Did you do it in person? [SEP] No, over the phone.  I feel really remorseful about it.	No, over the phone.  I feel really remorseful about it.	You should of done it in person.
3	I am ready for my vacation in late August. [SEP] any special plans? [SEP] I am going on a cruise to Bermuda.	I am going on a cruise to Bermuda.	ive always wanted to go on a cruise
5	A friend of mine is a self-published writer. She put out 22 books this year! I can't believe how many she did.  [SEP] That is wild, I wish i could write and make money. [SEP] I am also a writer. I love it 	I am also a writer. I love it 	Maybe i will look into it.
8	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door [SEP] On your car?? Did you get it on camera? [SEP] nah it was at a grocery store	nah it was at a grocery store	Oh bummer! I can't stand it when people are that selfish! I wish we had CCTV cameras everywhere like they do in the UK
4	I feel sorry for the kid in my street.	I feel sorry for the kid in my street.	I feel sorry for him too, although I don't know what for. Can you refresh my memory?
0	My brother stole from me and when I found out about it he didn't even apologize! [SEP] That's pretty scummy, has he always been like that? [SEP] No he just recently started being a jerk. 	No he just recently started being a jerk. 	You should have a talk with him and let him know how you feel.
5	My new neighbors are already on my list. [SEP] What kind of list is that? Are you bringing them some Christmas cookies? [SEP] The naughty list. They are putting up pictures and moving furniture at midnight every night. RUDE	The naughty list. They are putting up pictures and moving furniture at midnight every night. RUDE	Oh so maybe you will leave some coal on their doorstep instead. They should be more considerate.
6	I was so scared when a tornado touched down close to my house. I was just sad and scared	I was so scared when a tornado touched down close to my house. I was just sad and scared	Oh my gosh! Did you run and hide?
2	I've only been with my boyfriend for 2 years, but I can't think about anyone else but him.  [SEP] Aw, that's so sweet!  Do you see a future together? [SEP] Definitely. We talk about marriage and children all the time, but we're still extremely young.	Definitely. We talk about marriage and children all the time, but we're still extremely young.	I really, really hope it works out for you guys!
2	I'm having a party this weekend and I already got my grocery shopping done for it! I refuse to be last minute like last time.	I'm having a party this weekend and I already got my grocery shopping done for it! I refuse to be last minute like last time.	I have a friend who plans ahead like that.  I'm a last minute gal.  I think you will be less stressed by planning ahead.
2	Man i'm so scared for the weekend [SEP] Why? Whats going on this weekend? [SEP] Going to the amusement park!  I've never ridden a rollercoaster!	Going to the amusement park!  I've never ridden a rollercoaster!	Oh my gosh thats exciting.  You're going to have such a fun time.  I love roller coasters
1	I made all A's in my classes last semester. I did not think I was capable of that. [SEP] Wow, great job friend, that is no easy feat! [SEP] It has really inspired me to do well in my new semester.	It has really inspired me to do well in my new semester.	Good, use it as a catapault, that is a great idea!
8	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I am still not over it [SEP] Oh I am sorry to hear that. You must have been close to her. [SEP] I was yes, but I guess that is life sometimes	I was yes, but I guess that is life sometimes	Yes, at least you have those memories of her to cherish and hold forever.
2	So, I opened up my lunchbox today and had a grilled cheese sandwich.	So, I opened up my lunchbox today and had a grilled cheese sandwich.	I bet that tasted good
6	My daughter is great.	My daughter is great.	Why do you think that?
5	I got an ice cream cake for my birthday and it was really good. It was rather big so we had plenty left over we kept in the freezer. My husband took it out to defrost it enough to cut it while I wasn't home and totally forgot about it and it all melted. I was upset. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that! It sounds like an honest mistake.  [SEP] I feel that its more like inconsiderate. My parents got me the cake and he forgot about it because he was losing in his video game. Honest mistake? Okay but seriously inconsiderate	I feel that its more like inconsiderate. My parents got me the cake and he forgot about it because he was losing in his video game. Honest mistake? Okay but seriously inconsiderate	Oh wow, defenitly sounds like he was too focused on video games. Maybe talk to him about how it made you feel so you don't get resentful. 
4	We were going to the lake for a weekend getaway since we haven't had some downtime in forever and then we got sick instead.	We were going to the lake for a weekend getaway since we haven't had some downtime in forever and then we got sick instead.	Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. Did you reschedule?
0	Tonight was the night I was gonna get some rest. [SEP] is there still a chance to get any?? [SEP] Not much. My kids are refusing to sleep. I am at my wits end	Not much. My kids are refusing to sleep. I am at my wits end	oh my gosh,  kids refuse to sleep, i feel like i kind of do that as an adult too though
8	During gym class today but pants split wide open. Everyone in the class could see my underwear. [SEP] I'm so sorry, were they impressed? [SEP] The underwear were black silk, so I have no idea.	The underwear were black silk, so I have no idea.	I would imagine they were quite delighted.
7	I was happy when my friend invited me over tonight. It had been awhile [SEP] It's always nice to visit with friends you haven't seen in a while. [SEP] It was a good time too	It was a good time too	I'm happy to hear you enjoyed yourself!
8	So I was eating out at a place last week and I came across several hairs in my food. [SEP] Ugh gross! I have to say I have seen worse in food before! [SEP] Yes, it was very gross! I mean it happens, but just soured me on the meal and mood of course.	Yes, it was very gross! I mean it happens, but just soured me on the meal and mood of course.	Yes, Im constantly thinking about whats in my food!
6	Today a swarm of wasps was chasing after me.	Today a swarm of wasps was chasing after me.	did they catch you?
4	I was sad when my aunt died. It came out of no where	I was sad when my aunt died. It came out of no where	Sorry to hear that. How did she pass?
7	My birthday is tomorrow. I am so hyped!	My birthday is tomorrow. I am so hyped!	happy early birthday!
7	I asked my friend to get some stuff for a party, I knew I could count on him though. [SEP] It's great to be able to have that trust and bond. Did everything go well? [SEP] Yeah the birthday party went really well, glad to have him as a friend.	Yeah the birthday party went really well, glad to have him as a friend.	That's good to hear, all well that ends well.
6	My son got chosen to be on a TV show about comedy!	My son got chosen to be on a TV show about comedy!	That is pretty great! what show is it?
5	My dog pooped on the rug today. [SEP] oh no!!That's just terrible. did you made him to clean by himself!! [SEP] I did! I was so disappointed in the little rascal.	I did! I was so disappointed in the little rascal.	Naughty dog. he should look after himself
6	I ate at a restaurant this morning and the Sriracha bottle looked like it was 1000 years old. [SEP] In a cool antique way or a disgusting way? [SEP] Disgusting, that cap was so crusty it was unbelievable. I don't know why they don't replace them montly ugh	Disgusting, that cap was so crusty it was unbelievable. I don't know why they don't replace them montly ugh	That is so gross. Did you complain to them?
7	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that I can carry my grand child [SEP] That must be such an amazing feeling! [SEP] It is a mile stone achievement, I think only someone that gave birth early can boost of this feeling at 40	It is a mile stone achievement, I think only someone that gave birth early can boost of this feeling at 40	Well I'm really happy for you, man.
0	I am so happy that I can stay home with my children. They are so smart and respectful. [SEP] that is great, that is a dream come true for a lot of people! [SEP] I actually get sad when summer is over and they have to go to school.	I actually get sad when summer is over and they have to go to school.	I understand that, it can leave a large void, my mom used to be like that too
7	In school I have a big test coming up. I am worried I will not be prepared in time. [SEP] Oh no, that's always really stressful. Just do your best to prepare, and try not to worry about it. Whatever happens, happens, and if you're less stressed you'll probably do better. [SEP] Well I want to be as prepared as possible. I will study some more later today. Thanks for the advice.	Well I want to be as prepared as possible. I will study some more later today. Thanks for the advice.	No problem, and I'll send good vibes your way that you pass! Good luck, you've got this.
8	Just got a house for 10k. It's really broken down, but I hope it'll be nice after we fix it up [SEP] thats cool.  i hope it works out for you [SEP] Thank you. It'll take some time, but it'll be worth it!	Thank you. It'll take some time, but it'll be worth it!	im sure it will!
4	My wife has been cheating on me, worst yet is that it was with my best friend of 20 years.	My wife has been cheating on me, worst yet is that it was with my best friend of 20 years.	Wow sounds like what i just seen on the news in NC... im so sorry !! 
0	When I met my girlfriend she had a 5 year old son. We have been together for years now and I consider him as my own child. 	When I met my girlfriend she had a 5 year old son. We have been together for years now and I consider him as my own child. 	That is so sweet.  I really commend people who treat kids like their own, it's so important for a kid to grow up feeling like they have a lot of people in their corner.  I have a stepdaughter myself.
8	I was caught drunk driving last night on my way home from the bar. [SEP] Oh no! Did they take you to jail? [SEP] Yes. I am so ashamed of myself but glad I did not hurt anyone. 	Yes. I am so ashamed of myself but glad I did not hurt anyone. 	Yeah, I wouldn't feel to good about myself either but at least no one got hurt including yourself.
0	I ran a mile in under 6 minutes today. [SEP] wow. thats amazing [SEP] I'm not that athletic, I was so shocked!	I'm not that athletic, I was so shocked!	I am shocked either way.
1	I'm working on a new Dungeons & Dragons campaign for my players and have been busy in my spare time getting everything ready. [SEP] Sounds like fun. When will you play? [SEP] I usually run games on Sunday's but it'll be another month or so before we start. 	I usually run games on Sunday's but it'll be another month or so before we start. 	Sounds like you will be well prepared.
0	I was happy when i woke up and it was friday! [SEP] what are you looking forward to? [SEP] being at home without having to do anything!	being at home without having to do anything!	That's a great feeling, I agree! I rarely get a day where I just stay home
3	When I was 9 years old I once stole my friends baseball cards and I still to this day feel bad about it. [SEP] Oh my!  I hope you learned your lesson and never stole from a friend again. [SEP] I sure haven't, I was just a silly kid, but for some reason it's always stuck with me.	I sure haven't, I was just a silly kid, but for some reason it's always stuck with me.	I can imagine.  I hope you gave them back!
2	"Had a really good spaghetti dinner tonight. Just relaxing and getting some work done now. Feeling pretty accomplished today [SEP] Big dinners are always a great way to tie everything up at the end of the day. Was it a pretty long day for you? [SEP] With work, yeah. It was also nice because we had everyone in the family there, about 9 of us, with lots of kids. Very lively dinner table.	With work, yeah. It was also nice because we had everyone in the family there, about 9 of us, with lots of kids. Very lively dinner table.	Haha I bet! Always great to have everyone together, though, really gets your mind off all the stresses of daily life.
1	We went over my grandmother's house one holiday. Everyone was spending quality time together and cooking and it was just so special.  [SEP] Was it a holiday? [SEP] Yes, it was. My family usually is far, but some people came into town. It was just nice to be together. 	Yes, it was. My family usually is far, but some people came into town. It was just nice to be together. 	It sounds like a fun event.
3	Another one of my friends got engaged [SEP] It'll happen to you soon, your soulmate is out there somewhere. [SEP] I think I'll end p marrying myself lol	I think I'll end p marrying myself lol	Hey that might be a good idea! Nobody knows what you like better than you!
3	I spent 5 hours baking a cake yesterday.  [SEP] That's a lot of dedication. Was it for a special occasion? And have you been baking for very long, or do you do it professionally at all? [SEP] I do it just as a hobby, when I finished this one my wife dropped it, I was so mad	I do it just as a hobby, when I finished this one my wife dropped it, I was so mad	Oh, I feel terrible for both of you. Your hard work lost, and she probably feels really guilty too, for something that was maybe an accident. I hope you guys were able to talk it out and not get too upset with one another after a while.
6	I used to fix cars with my dad, when I was little	I used to fix cars with my dad, when I was little	Fun! You guys got to spend a lot of time together?
2	I just purchased the Oculus Rift virtual reality system! I can't wait to get it and try it out!	I just purchased the Oculus Rift virtual reality system! I can't wait to get it and try it out!	I've always wanted one of those! I hope you enjoy it.
3	I saw my old room over the summer when I went back home from college.	I saw my old room over the summer when I went back home from college.	Had it changed at all?  I hope not if you are just away for college.
7	I was playing a video game with my nephew and it reminded me of my older, carefree days. [SEP] Ah yes, I know what you mean. Nowadays we barely have time to just play games. [SEP] Yeah it feels like the pace is too quick to even stop and enjoy like we used to in those days.	Yeah it feels like the pace is too quick to even stop and enjoy like we used to in those days.	I hate being a grown up, I wish I could go back to the good old days.
5	I miss when my kids were younger. They wanted to spend a lot of time with me. Now they are too old for that stuff. [SEP] Well, kids eventually grow and become independent. Maybe you can try and go fishing with them or something? Or a family picnic? [SEP] Well they would rather hang out with their friends. I will try to bribe them with money.	Well they would rather hang out with their friends. I will try to bribe them with money.	That would work too! Or maybe a good meal?
5	I farted during a work meeting. I feel bad about it. [SEP] It happens, was it loud? [SEP] Yes, it was. Everyone was looking at me. I wanted to hide. The meeting was just after lunch.	Yes, it was. Everyone was looking at me. I wanted to hide. The meeting was just after lunch.	Aw, that's bad, you should try to play it off next time!
7	Sometimes I'll forget to feed my dog. I can't help but feel bad about it...	Sometimes I'll forget to feed my dog. I can't help but feel bad about it...	That's not good at all
4	I got some bad news from my doctor today. :( All I want to do is cry. 	I got some bad news from my doctor today. :( All I want to do is cry. 	Im sorry, but you should still try to remain positive about it
1	I just moved into my first house by myself and haven't had time to clean or unpack.	I just moved into my first house by myself and haven't had time to clean or unpack.	That sounds like it is exciting but also a lot of work. 
3	I lost over 10k in an investment. [SEP] Yikes, high risk investment? [SEP] I guess you could call it that. It was reliable until it wasn't.	I guess you could call it that. It was reliable until it wasn't.	Is it something that can recover over time? I hope so
1	I'm going for some hot pot this weekend	I'm going for some hot pot this weekend	That sounds so good!
4	I just wont ever forget the way I felt when I lost my father. 	I just wont ever forget the way I felt when I lost my father. 	im sorry to hear that. how long ago was it?
2	My family left today after a long visit to my house. I miss them already and wish I lived near them.	My family left today after a long visit to my house. I miss them already and wish I lived near them.	Well hopefully you will see them again soon. I'm sure they will.
1	When I wrestled in high school I always expected the other guy to be way better...so I would give it everything I had	When I wrestled in high school I always expected the other guy to be way better...so I would give it everything I had	That's a good strategy.
4	You know that feeling when loneliness just hits you in the gut? [SEP] Yeah, I do. I'm in a long distance relationship. I get that everytime I have to fly back home. I hope you start to feel better, though. Loneliness can end up being a good motivator, however. [SEP] Somewhat long distance here I guess? Someone is away at therapy of sorts..As I can't continue to live with them with their deep rooted problems.I have to remember the bad things that I lived with so I can make that feeling stop..then I don't feel as lonely.	Somewhat long distance here I guess? Someone is away at therapy of sorts..As I can't continue to live with them with their deep rooted problems.I have to remember the bad things that I lived with so I can make that feeling stop..then I don't feel as lonely.	Ah, your situation sounds complicated. I'm sorry you have to deal with that. It sounds like you've given a lot of thought though, and the way you lay it out, you sound very mature about it. You've developed a good perspective on it, one that I should learn to appreciate myself. With your temperament, I'm sure you won't suffer from loneliness very long. People will want to be around you, as long as you want them around you.
5	I was watching my son for the second day in a row, and I realized I needed more interaction with adults.	I was watching my son for the second day in a row, and I realized I needed more interaction with adults.	Maybe find another adult with a kid for a play date
8	I rip on my friends and make mean jokes about them alot.  But that doesn't mean I hate them in fact I look out for them like they are my brothers	I rip on my friends and make mean jokes about them alot.  But that doesn't mean I hate them in fact I look out for them like they are my brothers	Its really good that you have friends like that. I'm sure they realize that you are just joking with them!
3	I found out my dog has cancer today [SEP] Oh no! Is it serious? [SEP] I'm not sure how bad it is yet. Have to wait for tests to come back	I'm not sure how bad it is yet. Have to wait for tests to come back	Well I hope that it isn't serious and your dog makes it through
6	Some guy I saw homeless 10 years ago, now makes 100k a year!	Some guy I saw homeless 10 years ago, now makes 100k a year!	That's so inspiring! How did he do that?
8	I agreed to watch my neighbor's cat last week while she was on vacation. Unfortunatley I forgot to do that. [SEP] What happened to the cat?? [SEP] The cat didn't make it unfortunatley.	The cat didn't make it unfortunatley.	My condolences to the owner. 
1	I  am so excited to spend each day with the kids during the summer [SEP] That is nice. Are you planning activities to do with them? [SEP] Yes there is apparently a lot of free family activities locally	Yes there is apparently a lot of free family activities locally	That is great
4	I was upset when my dog ran away [SEP] Did you find him? [SEP] No i did not	No i did not	How long has it been? I am so sorry. That must be so difficult.
0	I feel like things are falling into place with my life [SEP] That's great. Any specifics? [SEP] Just with my career, relationships and family. I was a little lost there for awhile. 	Just with my career, relationships and family. I was a little lost there for awhile. 	I'm glad things are on the right track.
7	I got a promotion at work which was unexpected!	I got a promotion at work which was unexpected!	Well congratulations! What will you be doing at your new billet?
0	I had a great time this weekend. [SEP] Oh yeah? Nice to hear. What exactly did you do? [SEP] We took a trip to the mountains to hike.  So nice to be away from the city outside in nature. [SEP] That's awesome, I'm from Kansas and first went to Colorado just a couple years ago. It was beautiful! [SEP] That sounds fun.  I haven't been to Colorado yet.  I'd like to go.	That sounds fun.  I haven't been to Colorado yet.  I'd like to go.	I agree though, always a good time to get away and explore some nature life.
5	I have to run an errand after work so i'll catch traffic and its going to take me an extra 30mins to get home. [SEP] That is annoying. I wish public transportation was better in the city. [SEP] Yeah its pretty awful. It basically doubles my time to get home.	Yeah its pretty awful. It basically doubles my time to get home.	Maybe see if you can do your grocery shopping to. Maybe that will save you from having to do it later in the week.
7	I was so proud of my oldest son. He finished 6th grade on the A honor roll.	I was so proud of my oldest son. He finished 6th grade on the A honor roll.	Congratulations! That's getting to the point where you look at their homework and realize you forgot how difficult it was, ha.
4	I'm really close with my sister, but it turns out she is moving out of state in September.	I'm really close with my sister, but it turns out she is moving out of state in September.	Ah, I'm sorry to hear that, is it for work or something else?
6	I am a smothering parent. It's terrible	I am a smothering parent. It's terrible	Are you a helicopter parent?  Do you spin?
6	We took our girls on a surprise trip - we told them we were going to the beach but that was not the destination.	We took our girls on a surprise trip - we told them we were going to the beach but that was not the destination.	That sounds like fun! Where are you taking them? The junkyard?
2	I have been feeling a little nervous about getting into grad school.	I have been feeling a little nervous about getting into grad school.	I guarantee that you will be fine! I graduated with a master's last year
6	I have hope that I will get into grad school. [SEP] What are you applying for? [SEP] School Counseling.	School Counseling.	That sounds interesting, when do you learn if you got in?
8	I wish my friend didn't cancel on me last minute, I was really hoping she could go with me to that special concert. [SEP] That's a shame. Is there someone else who can go with you? I'm available. LOL [SEP] Thanks for the offer! Yeah, she just unexpectedly told me that she had a work obligation to attend instead.	Thanks for the offer! Yeah, she just unexpectedly told me that she had a work obligation to attend instead.	I'm sure she really wanted to go. Sometimes we have to make choices we don't like. My offer still stands. 
2	Hi I was recently on vacation and frightened half to death. [SEP] Oh, my, what happened? [SEP] I was eating some chips on the balcony. I dropped them and then was swarmed by seagulls.	I was eating some chips on the balcony. I dropped them and then was swarmed by seagulls.	I live near the ocean, so I do understand how this can be. I hope you ran, very quickly.
8	There isnt a better home cook in the world than myself. [SEP] Really? What sort of cooking do you like to do? [SEP] Steak and potatoes aremy favorite. But I make the best spaghetti. Never even had a lesson [SEP] I love spaghetti myself! I'm not a good cook at all though. I'm always eating out. [SEP] That gets expensive	That gets expensive	Yeah that's very true. But it is much easier than learning to cook myself.
7	Just got the most beautiful gift. [SEP] Oh really? What was it? [SEP] A clock, from my uncle for my 25th birthday. I feel blessed.	A clock, from my uncle for my 25th birthday. I feel blessed.	That's nice. Congratulations on the gift. It's a useful one!
5	I just ordered a really nice chair online it should arrive tomorrow,	I just ordered a really nice chair online it should arrive tomorrow,	What kind of chair is it? A lounging chair, or maybe  a computer desk chair?
7	I took a test for class last week. I didn't prepare for it at all. So right now I'm so worried waiting for the results.	I took a test for class last week. I didn't prepare for it at all. So right now I'm so worried waiting for the results.	Well its not in your hands anymore so its best to stay calm and not worry about it now.
1	Next week might be fun.....kinda scared though :/ [SEP] What's happening next week? [SEP] Taking my neice and nephew to six flags.  I've never ridden a coaster before [SEP] Really! They are so much fun [SEP] That's what everyone says but they're scary.  Maybe if I try one I will like them! [SEP] DEfinitely. It's an adrenalin rush [SEP] We'll see LOL.  I bet the kids will call me a sissy.	We'll see LOL.  I bet the kids will call me a sissy.	Sticks and stones..
5	Our lawnmower is broken, and our neighbour offered to help us out by mowing our lawn. [SEP] That's nice, pretty rare to have good neighbors these days it seems! [SEP] He's been a great neighbour.  Very thankful that he's been able to help.	He's been a great neighbour.  Very thankful that he's been able to help.	You should have a beer with him or something to show your gratitude!
2	Pretty laid back day at my house, got all my errands ran and now I'm just chilling. [SEP] That's good, are you going out later? [SEP] Yeah, my wife and I might be going out to dinner and a movie, so it's going to turn out to be a good day!	Yeah, my wife and I might be going out to dinner and a movie, so it's going to turn out to be a good day!	That's awesome, hope you both have fun.
1	I took the wife to lunch today for our anniversary.	I took the wife to lunch today for our anniversary.	Nice! Always good to go on a date and celebrate your love.
5	My friend just moved into a new home. Its a nice place that makes me a little envious of him	My friend just moved into a new home. Its a nice place that makes me a little envious of him	It can be tough when friends have things that might be considered better than what you have.  Maybe it can be used as motivation
1	I am so happy to be working and making money.". [SEP] Yes, thats always a good thing. Have you been working long? [SEP] It will be 3 years now but before that I was jobless for a year	It will be 3 years now but before that I was jobless for a year	Wow. I bet you are grateful to be working. Being jobless is a horrible place to be. 
3	Hey, how's it going? Isn't it tough meeting new people these days? [SEP] Absolutely. It doesn't help that I'm pretty introverted. [SEP] Same here. It also sucks when people let you down. I once let this guy crash on my couch because he had lost his apartment, and it didn't end up good at all.	Same here. It also sucks when people let you down. I once let this guy crash on my couch because he had lost his apartment, and it didn't end up good at all.	I hate when you help someone out and they take advantage of you. I could never do that to someone.
6	I cant wait to leave for vacation next week! I cant stop thinking about it.	I cant wait to leave for vacation next week! I cant stop thinking about it.	Oh nice. Any big plans for it?
5	I was playing a game recently and it reminded me of old times playing with my grandpa. We'd play Chess for so many hours. [SEP] Oh thats so sweet that he taught you to play, he sounds like he was a sweet grandpa. [SEP] Indeed he was! I have a lot of good memories with him.	Indeed he was! I have a lot of good memories with him.	Well hang onto those tight and maybe you can teach someone to play chess in the future.
4	My mother is litltle sick lately. So I bought her an unexpected gift.	My mother is litltle sick lately. So I bought her an unexpected gift.	Oh, I am so sorry to hear that. Did you get her something nice?
5	I thought I won a lot of money in a lottery, but I was just reading the ticket wrong. [SEP] Ouch, that is a bit of a false alarm/bummer. [SEP] Yeah it definitely ruined the rest of my day.	Yeah it definitely ruined the rest of my day.	Well you can only keep going and keep playing. Someday it could be the real winning ticket.
3	I accidentally tripped while walking into a restaurant for dinner, totally ruined my appetite.	I accidentally tripped while walking into a restaurant for dinner, totally ruined my appetite.	Man that really stinks. I hope that you are ok!
2	I've been sick and it's been hard to take care of my 3 kids during the day. My husband came home early from work to help out, I'm so thankful for him. [SEP] Being sick does stink at times. But at least your husband is there to assist when in need. [SEP] It makes everything a little easier to deal with.	It makes everything a little easier to deal with.	Hopefully your kids also understand and aren't being a handful.
8	I have never cheated on my wife. [SEP] Why do you think that is? [SEP] Cause I love her.	Cause I love her.	I love my dog, i still cheat on it.
7	I am making my wife dinner with this new rub I bought for the chicken.  It [SEP] That sounds so good! [SEP] Yeah it's got coffee grounds in it... I'm pretty sure she's gonna hate it though.  Wish me luck!	Yeah it's got coffee grounds in it... I'm pretty sure she's gonna hate it though.  Wish me luck!	Oh no, I bet she ends up loving it!  Best of luck!
0	Hey!  The weekend is coming up :D [SEP] Are you high young man? It's just wednesday..hahaha [SEP] It is not hump day!  I was just going to tell you I hope you have a great weeked :)  You got any big plans?	It is not hump day!  I was just going to tell you I hope you have a great weeked :)  You got any big plans?	Oh ok, I understand. Well, I have this girl that I have been wanting to date. I want to ask her to be my girlfriend this weekend
5	I am nervous about going on this date tomorrow. [SEP] Why are you nervous?  Just try to be confident [SEP] I am but this girl is way out of my league.	I am but this girl is way out of my league.	Change your way of thinking.  Maybe you are out of her league!
4	I feel like vomiting when I walk into a public restroom and it smells like manure. Some people haven't had a gram of fiber in their life	I feel like vomiting when I walk into a public restroom and it smells like manure. Some people haven't had a gram of fiber in their life	I am sorry, that sounds gross
1	I don't get why people feel the need to be Facebook trolls and leave nasty comments?	I don't get why people feel the need to be Facebook trolls and leave nasty comments?	Pretty much they have problems in their own lives.
0	I was naive with the interest rate on my credit card and have let it get out of control, it is unsettling to me. [SEP] Being in debt is so stressful and I'm sure that just adds to it.  [SEP] It does, and the worst of all is I'm scared to tell my partner about it.	It does, and the worst of all is I'm scared to tell my partner about it.	I don't blame you. I have been in that position with a credit card I forgot to pay when we moved and they didn't have the correct forwarding address. Stress on top of stress. :(
6	I was eating at my favorite Chinese restaurant recently. During one bite I felt a crunch in my mouth.	I was eating at my favorite Chinese restaurant recently. During one bite I felt a crunch in my mouth.	That's gross. What was it??
7	I've decided to ask the girl of my dreams to marry me.  I'm sure she will say yes. [SEP] That's great! Congratulations! That's exciting, and I'm sure if you're confident she will, then she will! [SEP] I do feel confident about it.  We haven't met in person yet, but she is coming to visit me in Nigeria tom	I do feel confident about it.  We haven't met in person yet, but she is coming to visit me in Nigeria tom	Oh, okay. Well, that is a bit different, but good luck!
5	At work I am the most confident man ever, maybe because I've worked there so long.   [SEP] There's nothing wrong with that. Unless you're mean [SEP] No, I'm very friendly, it's just I wish I was that way outside of work.	No, I'm very friendly, it's just I wish I was that way outside of work.	Maybe you shoud pretend you are still at work until you get the hang of it.
4	I saw a lady walking with her jack russell yesterday. I miss mine [SEP] Aww, I just had to put my dog down last month. [SEP] Oh no. I guess we both know what it's like going through losing these loyal creatures, hu?	Oh no. I guess we both know what it's like going through losing these loyal creatures, hu?	It was very sad and I am sorry you had to go through that,
1	I cant wait for the NFL season to start [SEP] Do you have a favorite team? [SEP] whatever team is winning!!!	whatever team is winning!!!	Nice.  I grew up as a Redskin fan and hate the cowboys
5	I remember when people said hello and thank you. [SEP] I guess people are way more rude these days arent they [SEP] Absolutely! Those were the days.	Absolutely! Those were the days.	I do miss that as well, maybe it will come back
5	i feel low and worthless, i hit on my friends wife	i feel low and worthless, i hit on my friends wife	Well, just stop here, and all should be ok.
8	I trust my brother a lot when I let him use my car, he's not the most responsible but he knows I care about it.	I trust my brother a lot when I let him use my car, he's not the most responsible but he knows I care about it.	You are more trusting then I am. I don't even trust my wife in my car.
8	My car broke down recently and I got out to figure out what the problem was.  Someone finally pulled over to look, said he needed to get a few things and left me there waiting [SEP] oh god, what did you end up doing? [SEP] I was very hopeful that he would come back, and he did!  He fixed it and wouldn't accept any type of payment	I was very hopeful that he would come back, and he did!  He fixed it and wouldn't accept any type of payment	the world still have some people in it .
7	I had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. I really wanted to be ready for it. [SEP] Those tests can be stressful. How did you do? [SEP] I studied hard and was ready. Passed with flying colors.	I studied hard and was ready. Passed with flying colors.	Awesome! Congratulations! It is always nice to accomplish something like that.
4	I took a vacation to Mexico, but was scared to go anywhere because of the crime in the area.	I took a vacation to Mexico, but was scared to go anywhere because of the crime in the area.	Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Did you stay in the capital?
6	I  admire my mom for leaving her job she has been at for a long time. [SEP] Why did she leave? [SEP] She hasn’t been treated well there for a really long time	She hasn’t been treated well there for a really long time	Does she have another job already?
1	Ever had a time where you really needed a certain grade on a final to keep your letter grade? I did that in calculus last semester. [SEP] Yea I know how you feel, I have no idea what im doing in math sometimes [SEP] Exactly! I didn't even do well enough to keep my A but he gave it to me anyway haha.	Exactly! I didn't even do well enough to keep my A but he gave it to me anyway haha.	Yea I just aim to pass and pray, it can be hard sometimes, depends on the teacher
5	My bird chirp chirp chirps all night long. [SEP] How does that make you feel?! [SEP] Pissed off, Why cant she just be quiet	Pissed off, Why cant she just be quiet	Have you ever thought he's chirping because he doesn't want to be caged up? Maybe she wants to be out with you. 
6	I'm scared of the dark, but I have to walk home from work in the dark.	I'm scared of the dark, but I have to walk home from work in the dark.	Are you always alone?
4	I was very sad when my grandmother passed away.	I was very sad when my grandmother passed away.	I am so sorry to hear that!  Don't worry.  I know it is hard but every day will get better.
0	I opened my front door and saw a big snake, I immediately slammed the door and went back in.	I opened my front door and saw a big snake, I immediately slammed the door and went back in.	That is so scary. I don't know what I would have done,
6	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born [SEP] oh nice! first one? [SEP] Yes! i cant wait to spoil the lil guy.  [SEP] I bet. Do you have any children of your own? [SEP] yes, but they are old. i want a baby..lol [SEP] so that means extra spoilage :P [SEP] yes and i can return him after i spoil him	yes and i can return him after i spoil him	by spoil do you mean mountain dew?
7	My owl ran away yesterday, but my neighbor managed to find it! [SEP] what a joy ... as it is called [SEP] Yes! I have had that owl for 25 years. Would've been a tragedy if I didn't get her back.	Yes! I have had that owl for 25 years. Would've been a tragedy if I didn't get her back.	Thank God ... that's good
6	i am hoping to go to hawaii next year	i am hoping to go to hawaii next year	have you ever been there before? I hear it's great!
1	I love when I have time to catch up with old friends [SEP] Yeah, friends are the best stress relievers.  [SEP] So true. I recently saw someone I hadn't seen in 18 years	So true. I recently saw someone I hadn't seen in 18 years	it would have been worth a wait!!
3	I just bought my first new car last week. [SEP] Congradulations.   You must be excited and proud.   Are you enjoying the new car? [SEP] I was, until I wrecked it yesterday.  Ughhh.  I am so mad at myself.	I was, until I wrecked it yesterday.  Ughhh.  I am so mad at myself.	Oh no!  Hopefully you have full coverage? 
6	I accidentally left the screen door cracked open and my beagle got out. 	I accidentally left the screen door cracked open and my beagle got out. 	Oh no! Were you able to find him/her?
7	I was in traffic just the other day. [SEP] Ugh. Those are the worst. [SEP] Yeah. Someone actually cut me off.	Yeah. Someone actually cut me off.	I wish people could be more considerate on the road. Its so annoying.
8	I let my daughter, who just got her driver's license, take my brand new sports car to work today.	I let my daughter, who just got her driver's license, take my brand new sports car to work today.	oh, i bet you are nervous. I'm sure she will be okay but i would be so nervus
4	i was pissed when someone put a dent in my door [SEP] Oh no, did they leave a note? [SEP] no they did not	no they did not	What a jerk, I'm sorry that happened.
0	I was getting really weird, aggressive texts from someone and it was starting to really scare me.	I was getting really weird, aggressive texts from someone and it was starting to really scare me.	if it's someone you know you should ask them not to do it again
7	My daughter decided to play waitress with her food and hold the plate over her head. [SEP] Oh no, I think I know where this is going. How did she manage as a waitress? [SEP] Well, there is spaghetti all over the carpet so how do you think? [SEP] Haha oh boy! Well, on the bright side I'm sure that's a mistake she'll only make once. We all have to learn. [SEP] I hope so. Carpet cleaning is expensive	I hope so. Carpet cleaning is expensive	One of the many reasons I'm glad to have hardwood!
3	when i don't know if i have a busy day coming up the next day the unknown drives me crazy [SEP] I can relate to that, the late night anxiety of the unknown. Hate that. [SEP] it's like i'm going to lay down in bed and go to sleep. just kidding here's your stress all jumbled up in a mile ong list. lol	it's like i'm going to lay down in bed and go to sleep. just kidding here's your stress all jumbled up in a mile ong list. lol	It always seems to wait til your head hits the pillow, then BAM!
8	my wife is amazing, shes the only one i want [SEP] Sounds like you lucked out, make sure she knows how special she is :) [SEP] i try everyday!	i try everyday!	Yes, don't let a night go by without saying I Love You.
4	I got pretty freaked out after watching a horror film last night.	I got pretty freaked out after watching a horror film last night.	sorry about that, horror movies can be scary
8	i didn't cheat on my partner. [SEP] That's good! Cheating is not good for a relationship. [SEP] Yes, for a relationship to last.	Yes, for a relationship to last.	For sure. I luckily have not had anyone cheat on me.
7	I am so ready for my first hockey game this winter.	I am so ready for my first hockey game this winter.	oh thats really cool, good luck
1	I attended a Tony Bennett concert in April. It was amazing!	I attended a Tony Bennett concert in April. It was amazing!	Ah that is cool. Good to get it while he is still performing.
4	My dog ran away from home! [SEP] Oh no, when did this happen? Do you think you'll find him? [SEP] Yesterday, I think he is gone forever.	Yesterday, I think he is gone forever.	That's sad, I'm sorry to hear that!
4	Me and my ex broke up a year ago and I'm starting to miss him	Me and my ex broke up a year ago and I'm starting to miss him	Sorry to hear that. Is there any chance you two can patch up again?
0	I drank my roommates beer last night. I feel pretty bad about it. [SEP] That's pretty rude.  Are you going to buy him some more beer. [SEP] Yea but he was leaving early to go tailgate and I didnt have time.	Yea but he was leaving early to go tailgate and I didnt have time.	Man.. I'm glad you're not my roommate.
2	I haven't been home in so long. I am so ready to go home and see my family. 	I haven't been home in so long. I am so ready to go home and see my family. 	I bet, I get home sickness even if I'm gone a couple day.  I bet they are happy to see you as well!
0	Hey, have you ever ran a half marathon before? [SEP] I did, but not officially, and it was a trail running marathon(16 miles), how about you? [SEP] I've never ran one before. I've been running at least 25 miles a week. Do you think i'm ready?	I've never ran one before. I've been running at least 25 miles a week. Do you think i'm ready?	You are the only one who know answer to that.
3	I was with my uncle the other day and he wanted to watch a Discovery TV show I wasn't familiar with so I said okay. It was Dirty Jobs. It was so gross, you couldn't pay me enough to do those jobs! [SEP] Haha!  I know exactly what you are talking about!  I love that show and yes, it is quite gross!  You must have felt quite disgusted! [SEP] I sure was! The images scroll through my head in like nightmares! Ahhhhh!	I sure was! The images scroll through my head in like nightmares! Ahhhhh!	Ooo!  Yuck!  I hope you don't get nightmares from it!
3	I saw my boyfriend with another girl yesterday and they were sitting shoulder to shoulder next to each other...it made me so jealous	I saw my boyfriend with another girl yesterday and they were sitting shoulder to shoulder next to each other...it made me so jealous	I hope that nothing came of it though.
0	I get sentimental about my family, they mean a lot to me and I do not know what I would do without them [SEP] That's really sweet, I think most people feel the same way as you. Families are really important. [SEP] They really are!	They really are!	I don't know what I would do without mine!
0	My new foster dog finally run around last night. She has been very abused and starved but is so young. 	My new foster dog finally run around last night. She has been very abused and starved but is so young. 	Aww, that is so sad to hear. I'm glad that she has a good home now, though!
4	My mom has arthritis in her neck, and the pain seems to be traveling down now.	My mom has arthritis in her neck, and the pain seems to be traveling down now.	I am sorry to hear that.. is there any physical therapy that can help her? 
1	I had a flat tire while driving on the interstate. A nice man stopped to help me	I had a flat tire while driving on the interstate. A nice man stopped to help me	Wow, I am glad you got help, that could have been a lot worse
6	I cannot wait until October!	I cannot wait until October!	Oh really? Is that your favorite month?
1	Im not excited about this semester at all. [SEP] Why and what did happen? [SEP] Im working now and I dont want to be slammed	Im working now and I dont want to be slammed	Oh, be positive, try your best.
8	Was impressive that Lebron went to the lakers [SEP] I was sad to see him leave Cleveland. [SEP] He does whats best for him and his family.  I admire that	He does whats best for him and his family.  I admire that	He was the face of Cleveland. 
3	i hope i can get things worked out and get pregnant by the end of the year [SEP] That can be a lot of work.  We are trying to go through that now too, so i know how you are feeling [SEP] my husband and i have been trying for 6 years with no luck. i want us to be able to have a baby more than anything else in the world.	my husband and i have been trying for 6 years with no luck. i want us to be able to have a baby more than anything else in the world.	My thoughts and prayers are with you guys.  I hope you succeed.  Make sure you keep practicing
4	Last week my mother passed away	Last week my mother passed away	I'm so sorry to hear that. Were you able to be there when she passed?
0	I was very unsure about my first day of high school. I was just not sure how it was going to go for me. [SEP] How did it go? [SEP] It was fine. I had nothing to worry about and it was a good experience for me. [SEP] Thats good. It doesnt always work out that well. [SEP] I know, I guess I was lucky	I know, I guess I was lucky	you and me both
2	Last week on a business trip I spent some time at the bar. There was this girl who was really flirty with me. I had to tell her that I couldn't play with her because I was married. [SEP] Very admirable [SEP] I thought so. But I was worried about hurting her feelings.	I thought so. But I was worried about hurting her feelings.	I'm sue she'll get over it. Your wife wouldn't.
5	My mother in law cannot mind her own business. [SEP] Yikes! You got one of the bad ones. They sure makes things hard.  [SEP] She really does - she is always trying to bend my husbands' ear to her way of thinking we should do things - with our house, our kids, etc.. and she never listens when he tells her that's enough.	She really does - she is always trying to bend my husbands' ear to her way of thinking we should do things - with our house, our kids, etc.. and she never listens when he tells her that's enough.	Maybe he needs to break away from her a bit. Maybe then she will mind her own business. 
3	I lost my favorite pocket knife	I lost my favorite pocket knife	Oh I hope you can find an alternative
3	 My daughter was up all night teething, and I made sure to give her extra cuddles to comfort her.  [SEP] Oh that is a tough period. Poor baby! But with mammas love everything is alright. You are such a great mother! [SEP] It is so tough but the most we can do is let them know we love them, and will be there for them. Thanks! 	It is so tough but the most we can do is let them know we love them, and will be there for them. Thanks! 	Yeah, hopefully they have invented something that helps with the pain for the teething. Hopefully is is natural.
4	I just broke up with my girlfriend of 4 years. She left the apartment to me. I'm all by myself. 	I just broke up with my girlfriend of 4 years. She left the apartment to me. I'm all by myself. 	I'm sorry. Do you enjoy having the apartment to yourself?
3	I don't know where my life is heading right now, but I believe that God knows the desires of my heart and he will get me there.	I don't know where my life is heading right now, but I believe that God knows the desires of my heart and he will get me there.	It's important to have faith that things will work out the way they should! I'm a strong believer in that!
2	Just got let go from my hockey team. [SEP] Sry to hear that....what happened [SEP] I wasn't good enough so they cut me. 	I wasn't good enough so they cut me. 	Hey well I bet you're talented at other things...just stack your paper and you'll have the last laugh
0	The other day I was babysitting my 2 year old nephew and he tried to do a flip off the couch headfirst onto the floor! [SEP] Please tell me you caught him!! That is awful!! [SEP] I did! By one leg! Three inches before his head hit the tile! I almost had a heart attack!	I did! By one leg! Three inches before his head hit the tile! I almost had a heart attack!	You almost gave me a heart attack with that story!!
6	Every good show on tv is ending or has already ended. [SEP] What shows are you thinking of specifically? [SEP] Game of thrones is the top one. I want it to last forever	Game of thrones is the top one. I want it to last forever	I didn't realize it was ending? You must be disappointed.
1	I was angry when my ac broke today. It was not good timing [SEP] That's not cool. Will you get it fixed? [SEP] I hope tomorrow	I hope tomorrow	Sounds like a plan.
6	hello how has your day been going [SEP] I'm great how are you doing? [SEP] ive been feeling better since i just got payed , been a little bummed	ive been feeling better since i just got payed , been a little bummed	What's wrong?
6	So, I flew into San Diego this morning, and when I got here my car reservation was never processed by the car rental company.  [SEP] Oh my that's a big problem. What did you do? [SEP] Needless to say, I am livid. I have been travelling for over 12 hours and I'm exhausted. When I got to the rental place and they gave me that news, I exploded in a fit of rage. They ended up giving me a car right away,	Needless to say, I am livid. I have been travelling for over 12 hours and I'm exhausted. When I got to the rental place and they gave me that news, I exploded in a fit of rage. They ended up giving me a car right away,	That's good! But also was wondering what is a livid?
5	I just moved into a new place and I'm still waiting on a deposit from my old place. It's not looking good. [SEP] Did you leave the old place damged [SEP] Not at all. I was very diligent about cleaning everything up.	Not at all. I was very diligent about cleaning everything up.	Then you should get it back
0	Do you usually take your trash out to the road every week? It is quite an awful experience, in my opinion. I feel very disgusted hauling that big ole bin to the road. [SEP] I live in an apartment so I take mine out to the dumpster every few weeks. I feel your pain though. Growing up I had to take ours down our steep driveway every week. [SEP] I know! It's physically exhausting. And when the flies start swarming, I get terrified and feel like I am going to come down with the bubonic plague.	I know! It's physically exhausting. And when the flies start swarming, I get terrified and feel like I am going to come down with the bubonic plague.	It is daunting. I think I still have nightmares about it. I feel dirty just thinking about it right now.
3	I have the worst headache and can't get any of my cleaning done. It's frustrating. [SEP] Have you tried taking any aspirin? I feel bad for you, my friend. [SEP] I did but it's not doing the trick. I don't want to be laying around the rest of the day but I don't think I have a choice.	I did but it's not doing the trick. I don't want to be laying around the rest of the day but I don't think I have a choice.	Yeah, sometimes you have to do that to get better. I would take another dose if I were you.
5	I don't think I should get on my flight in the morning. [SEP] That sounds really dramatic! What's the matter? What's making you so unsure about it? [SEP] I just have a bad feeling and I think it'd be best if I cancel it!	I just have a bad feeling and I think it'd be best if I cancel it!	I can understand trying to abide by one's intuition... Are you going on your flight to somewhere where you have something important to do or someone to meet? Perhaps it may be unfair to them or that situation if you don't go through with it. If you want to do it, try your best to think of all the repercussions, and to weigh the pros and cons, and to not let your intuition cloud your judgment.
2	I saw someone who was making much more money than me doing a the same thing as me but a very bad job. But I still wished I was on their place and paid as much [SEP] I know what you mean, maybe ask if the place is hiring?  [SEP] Yeah well I'm online entrepreneur so it's more complicated. I don't want to charge as much at the same time. They're kind of scamming people but I still felt envious, then got over it.	Yeah well I'm online entrepreneur so it's more complicated. I don't want to charge as much at the same time. They're kind of scamming people but I still felt envious, then got over it.	ohh okay I see, yeah that is a difficult situation. I hope it works out for you and best of luck buddy! :)
2	I am so ready for my test. I studied for 5 hours striaght. 	I am so ready for my test. I studied for 5 hours striaght. 	I hope you do very well! What subject?
2	I was content when I found out that I had passed a class in college [SEP] Cool. Congratulations [SEP] THank you so much, it was a great feeling	THank you so much, it was a great feeling	I still have two years left. I hope to have that feeling too.
1	I'm so glad it's going to be fall soon.	I'm so glad it's going to be fall soon.	Yeah its really hot here. I can't wait for it to cool off.
6	my friend went back with her ex again. 	my friend went back with her ex again. 	Ouch, that could be bad.  What was her reason?
8	I was hit by a car today and just found out the other driver does not have insurance [SEP] Oh no, that is so unfortunate and so unthoughtful of the other driver!  [SEP] Yes so I am unsure about the whole thing if my insurance pays will my rates go up etc	Yes so I am unsure about the whole thing if my insurance pays will my rates go up etc	Yeah, it shouldn't affect your insurance. Since you were not at fault. But who knows how the whole thing will turn out. 
0	I'm annoyed that many things are still closed on Sundays...like the federal reserve banking system. [SEP] Oh yeah, I hate that too. It's so inconvenient to be closed when people have time to go there. [SEP] Yes, we're now living in a 24/7 day world, and we need our systems to keep up with that.	Yes, we're now living in a 24/7 day world, and we need our systems to keep up with that.	I agree. It's about time society caught up.
4	I am depressed most of the time. Im going to therapy and taking meds. I feel like im broken	I am depressed most of the time. Im going to therapy and taking meds. I feel like im broken	Oh I'm sorry that you are going through that. Have you discussed changing your medication up with your doctor?
2	My daughter is at her job interview. I'm sure she got it in the bag.	My daughter is at her job interview. I'm sure she got it in the bag.	That's great! I hope she gets it!
7	I took a test for class last week. I didn't prepare for it at all. So right now I'm so worried waiting for the results.	I took a test for class last week. I didn't prepare for it at all. So right now I'm so worried waiting for the results.	Well its not in your hands anymore so its best to stay calm and not worry about it now.
3	I've been laid up all day with an illness so it's good to be talking to someone.	I've been laid up all day with an illness so it's good to be talking to someone.	That's awful! I hope you feel better soon.
1	I was shocked when I saw my friend out and about. It had been awhile [SEP] Were you able to catch up with them on what's been going on in both your lives? [SEP] I was, it was nice	I was, it was nice	It's always nice to catch up with old friends!
8	I went out last weekend and had a major accident. Guess what happened... [SEP] Are you ok, you have to tell me what happened. [SEP] I'm fine. Just a litte embarassed. I ripped my leggings dancing on bourbon street.	I'm fine. Just a litte embarassed. I ripped my leggings dancing on bourbon street.	Ahh that has happened to everyone before. It is embarrassing but you will get over it.
3	The amount of crazy and bad people in the world is scary [SEP] I agree.  Has something bad happened to you recently? [SEP] Nope, i just see so many depressing stories on the news	Nope, i just see so many depressing stories on the news	Yeah it really can bring you down
7	it was pouring down rain when i got home so i grabbed all my stuff and got ready for a break in the rain so i could get in the house without getting soaked. [SEP] Were you able to avoid the rain?   [SEP] yes thankfully i was able to get in the house without rain falling on me	yes thankfully i was able to get in the house without rain falling on me	That is good!  It seems like you dodged the bullet!
3	I got caught stealing out of a donation box. [SEP] WHAT! WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT  [SEP] I really liked that kind of soup.  I am so ashamed for doing so.	I really liked that kind of soup.  I am so ashamed for doing so.	you better be! i hope you learned your lesson though, we all make mistakes but we need to learn from them 
3	Every single person I know got to go on a vacation this year except for me.  [SEP] I'm so sorry to hear that. Is there a reason why you couldn't? [SEP] I just don't have the funds or time away from work. Even my sister and her husband, who are as broke as me, went on one.	I just don't have the funds or time away from work. Even my sister and her husband, who are as broke as me, went on one.	To be fair, travelling is expensive and probably overrated to a certain extent. I hope you do find the time to take some time away from work so you can enjoy yourself though.
8	I got cut off in traffic today and I almost hit someone because of it. It made me so angry!	I got cut off in traffic today and I almost hit someone because of it. It made me so angry!	I bet it did!
4	I woke up feeling down today. 	I woke up feeling down today. 	I'm sorry to hear that. What's been going on?
8	I remember when the Ice Cream Man used to come down my childhood street. [SEP] Those were the days. I remember buying 25 cents popsicles. [SEP] It really takes me back to the good old days.	It really takes me back to the good old days.	yep. Those popsicles are like 1-3 dollars now
6	I forgot to pay the electric bill last week so a lady came a turned the power off.	I forgot to pay the electric bill last week so a lady came a turned the power off.	Oh no! I hate that! So what did you do about it?
7	A friend tried to get me to drink and drive but I didn't. 	A friend tried to get me to drink and drive but I didn't. 	Good for you! It is really dangerous to do that.
8	I think the best day of my life was when i got a car for graduation. The day started with my mom giving me hints and such. I was wondering but thought it wasnt possible so I just refocused.	I think the best day of my life was when i got a car for graduation. The day started with my mom giving me hints and such. I was wondering but thought it wasnt possible so I just refocused.	That's so sweet and fortunate that she was able to do that for you. I wish I could do that.
7	I am so pleased with the way things are right now. [SEP] Is everything going perfectly? [SEP] Yes it is and I see no need to change anything.	Yes it is and I see no need to change anything.	That's good!
2	i'm so worried about my appointment on thursday. [SEP] Oh no I hope everything goes well! [SEP] i hope so too. i'm really worried about the results of the test i'm getting done.	i hope so too. i'm really worried about the results of the test i'm getting done.	Well I hope that it all goes your way!
0	I felt so dumb when I realized the shirt I was wearing was inside-out. I bet so many people noticed.	I felt so dumb when I realized the shirt I was wearing was inside-out. I bet so many people noticed.	Oh man that had to be embarrassing.  I know how you feel though b/c I once went to work with two different shoes on
4	I looked so dumb yesterday, I tripped over a rug in the lobby at my job and nearly fell on my face. [SEP] i know that feeling [SEP] I could tell they were holding back their laughter too. It was terrible.	I could tell they were holding back their laughter too. It was terrible.	Im sorry. It will happen til someone else soon enough
3	Ok, buckle up this one's sad. My fiance died when i was 18 [SEP] What happened? [SEP] It was an accidental OD but, I still feel like I could've saved her	It was an accidental OD but, I still feel like I could've saved her	Dang, that is very unfortunate.
8	I only have one semester left of college and the classes are going to be very difficult. [SEP] I am sure you will get used to them [SEP] Yes I will. I can't wait to see final grades. I have no doubt I will be able to keep my 4.0 gpa average.	Yes I will. I can't wait to see final grades. I have no doubt I will be able to keep my 4.0 gpa average.	That is a challenge, but thats not a bad thing
1	I had a close call earlier, someone asked me out. [SEP] what? what did you do/ [SEP] I'm already in a relationship so I stayed faithful.	I'm already in a relationship so I stayed faithful.	that's so nice! good thing you do, we need more people like you, all these normies nowadays just sleeping around and only chasing after cannibalistic desires  
2	I've been trying to cheer my mom up a lot lately. She's kind of been struggling.  [SEP] Im sorry to hear that. I know that can be stressful. [SEP] Yeah, especially since I live so far away from her. I let her video chat with my kids a lot to hopefully bring some happiness back into her days.	Yeah, especially since I live so far away from her. I let her video chat with my kids a lot to hopefully bring some happiness back into her days.	Yeah I hope so too. That must be painful to bare. 
1	I should be asleep right now! It's the weekend [SEP] Same here, though it is the summer for me. [SEP] For me too, I guess my body doesn't need any more rest	For me too, I guess my body doesn't need any more rest	I guess so, though I'm tired so I want to sleep.
1	I can't believe Matt Ryan got 30 million.	I can't believe Matt Ryan got 30 million.	That's a large amount of money!
4	I felt alone when my dad passed away. I just felt I had no one to turn to	I felt alone when my dad passed away. I just felt I had no one to turn to	I am so sorry to hear that. Dealing with the loss of a loved one is always difficult but feeling alone in the grief must be so much worse. I hope that you are feeling less alone now.
1	I'm looking to move! Just put an offer in on a place, looking forward for a positive result [SEP] That's great! Are you trying to buy a house? [SEP] You bet! I think it's time to have a place I can really call my own. Hope they say yes!	You bet! I think it's time to have a place I can really call my own. Hope they say yes!	It's nice to have a place of your own. I remember the excitement I felt when I bought my house.
5	My mother in law cannot mind her own business. [SEP] Yikes! You got one of the bad ones. They sure makes things hard.  [SEP] She really does - she is always trying to bend my husbands' ear to her way of thinking we should do things - with our house, our kids, etc.. and she never listens when he tells her that's enough.	She really does - she is always trying to bend my husbands' ear to her way of thinking we should do things - with our house, our kids, etc.. and she never listens when he tells her that's enough.	Maybe he needs to break away from her a bit. Maybe then she will mind her own business. 
2	i went into that interviewing knowing the answer to every question they threw at me! [SEP] That's great!  I love it when something like that is completely under control. [SEP] yea it worked out great!	yea it worked out great!	Awesome!  I hope you got/get the job, and it goes well!
0	I have a huge fear of heights, so when I went on a plane for the first time, I was the most scared I had ever been [SEP] Thats pretty brave of you facing a fear like that.  How did you feel when the flight was over? [SEP] Uneasy to say the least. I don't know if I'll be doing it again, ever!	Uneasy to say the least. I don't know if I'll be doing it again, ever!	Flights are convenient though.  Definetly faster than driving somewhere
4	Today, in the subway, someone who wanted to get off at the very last minute, pushed me and made me fall. i was very angry. [SEP] Did you report them to anyone [SEP] It is useless. The police will not do anything. I didn't had the time to see his face.	It is useless. The police will not do anything. I didn't had the time to see his face.	I am sorry you went through thaty
4	My dad had a stroke about a month ago and we've been waiting to see if he would recover 100%.	My dad had a stroke about a month ago and we've been waiting to see if he would recover 100%.	im sorry thats awful, i hope he makes a full recovery
1	I'm really looking forward to the weekend. I'm finally getting to go to the beach this summer.  [SEP] i love the becah, im there every weekend [SEP] Lucky! I also love it too, especially when the weather is nice like right now (not too hot as it has been).	Lucky! I also love it too, especially when the weather is nice like right now (not too hot as it has been).	i live like 10 min away
3	I don't think I'll be able to go to the lake this weekend, I'm pretty bummed out. [SEP] Awww what's wrong? Maybe going to the lake will cheer you up? [SEP] Yeah, I wish I could, but I have to house watch my parents house this weekend! Bummer.	Yeah, I wish I could, but I have to house watch my parents house this weekend! Bummer.	That is a bummer! Well, you can go next time!
5	My 'friends' left me out of their social plans yesterday which wasn't very fun for me [SEP] Did you ask them why?  [SEP] No, but I think it's because we had a major argument and they all took the other person's side	No, but I think it's because we had a major argument and they all took the other person's side	I would let things cool down for awhile and maybe they will have a change of heart. If not , apologize and see if that helps.
8	I couldnt wait to see a movie last weekend. I had wanted to see it all summer	I couldnt wait to see a movie last weekend. I had wanted to see it all summer	It seems you were anticipating for a long time. Which movie did you watch/
0	My husband has been clean from drugs for 4 years now. [SEP] Dang, that's quite an achievement. Everyone loves a good redemption story. How did you cope with it? [SEP] It was really hard. I have been with him for 21 years and we have 4 kids, but I am so happy for him and what he has accomplished.	It was really hard. I have been with him for 21 years and we have 4 kids, but I am so happy for him and what he has accomplished.	That's crazy! You deserve just as much props as he does! I'm glad you guys stuck it through. That's incredibly rare.
5	I wrecked havoc in my house in a drunken rage last night [SEP] Oh that dont sound really good [SEP] I agree, I am ashamed once I woke up in the morning and saw the aftermath of my actions. I will never drink again	I agree, I am ashamed once I woke up in the morning and saw the aftermath of my actions. I will never drink again	I think you make a wise decision, never drink too much again
1	I am very proud when I see how my kids show so much compassion for people	I am very proud when I see how my kids show so much compassion for people	That is great.  Sometimes kids nowadays only seem to care about themselves.
0	My friend lost her oldest son in a car wreck a few days ago. I can't imagine the pain she is feeling.	My friend lost her oldest son in a car wreck a few days ago. I can't imagine the pain she is feeling.	OMG that is horrible! :( Im sure she needs you right now
1	Some dude was staring at my girlfriend tonight at dinner. Made me feel some type of way.	Some dude was staring at my girlfriend tonight at dinner. Made me feel some type of way.	I would've been angry.
2	I've got a job interview coming up	I've got a job interview coming up	That's awesome! I hope you do great.
0	Looking back at my younger days, things seem a lot more freer then.	Looking back at my younger days, things seem a lot more freer then.	I agree, I often reminisce about my childhood. 
3	I am so behind on my housework. I have a pile of laundry that I've been neglecting... [SEP] Oh, I hate it when that happens. Makes you feel disorganized in your thoughts even. [SEP] Yes, I feel like a slob! I really need to get it under control!	Yes, I feel like a slob! I really need to get it under control!	Take a day and devote it just for the house. That's what I do. I always feel so much better the next day that's not on my back.
1	I was feeling nostalgic when I went to my brother's recent birthday party. [SEP] Oh that's always nice. What made you feel that? [SEP] I was remembering when he was very little, and he would always have trouble blowing out the candles on his cake!	I was remembering when he was very little, and he would always have trouble blowing out the candles on his cake!	Aw that's funny, I always love those kinds of heartwarming moments.
7	There's this guy that keeps wondering around my home the same time each day. [SEP] ohh, strange. Keep an eye on him. [SEP] I will. Think I'll have to call nonemergency on him, if it happens again.	I will. Think I'll have to call nonemergency on him, if it happens again.	Yes. Be safe. Call police in emergency.
6	Our dining room is just a few steps down from the kitchen, so I made me a bowl of ravioli and fell down the 3 steps somehow. I got ravioli all over me.	Our dining room is just a few steps down from the kitchen, so I made me a bowl of ravioli and fell down the 3 steps somehow. I got ravioli all over me.	Wow, are you ok?
6	There was this party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours because she was moving away. I totally accidentally spilled wine on their light colored carpet. I was mortified because so many people were there, if it had just been my friend then I probably wouldnt have been such a big deal to me.	There was this party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours because she was moving away. I totally accidentally spilled wine on their light colored carpet. I was mortified because so many people were there, if it had just been my friend then I probably wouldnt have been such a big deal to me.	Oh no, did people make you feel bad for the accident?
7	Hello, how are you today	Hello, how are you today	i am very good
7	I've never been a big roller coaster fan.  I don't know if  you like them or not, but they scare me.	I've never been a big roller coaster fan.  I don't know if  you like them or not, but they scare me.	Oh I love the thrill of a good roller coaster.
0	I couldn't believe that I received an A on my final that I didn't even study for [SEP] That's great!  Congrats.  Which class? [SEP] MIcrobiology. I thought I failed the final for sure. Maybe the professor curved it, or maybe I'm just insanely lucky.	MIcrobiology. I thought I failed the final for sure. Maybe the professor curved it, or maybe I'm just insanely lucky.	Or you really know it!  I was never great at science, sad to say!
8	I trust my brother a lot when I let him use my car, he's not the most responsible but he knows I care about it.	I trust my brother a lot when I let him use my car, he's not the most responsible but he knows I care about it.	You are more trusting then I am. I don't even trust my wife in my car.
4	People get rejected all the time but it shouldn't be an excuse to let it dissuade you from reaching your goals. [SEP] What happened? [SEP] Got rejected from a place I wanted to work, not once but three times 	Got rejected from a place I wanted to work, not once but three times 	I am sorry to hear that. I hope you find a better opportunity. Did you know why they rejected you?
1	I keep every penny i find because I know my grandmother sent them from heaven. [SEP] that is the most beautiful thing ive ever heard [SEP] One day, my kids will cash in the pennys to buy my land spot next to my family.	One day, my kids will cash in the pennys to buy my land spot next to my family.	that is a great plan!
6	I happy to see my brother last weekend. It had been a long time [SEP] Does he live far away? [SEP] He had just been busy with life and work	He had just been busy with life and work	That makes sense. Did you have fun?
5	my wife and my baby are going overseas for a month and i will be so lonely without them. i couldn;t go with them	my wife and my baby are going overseas for a month and i will be so lonely without them. i couldn;t go with them	That could be so hard on you
0	That is correct. [SEP] Sorry,  what is correct [SEP] Your imagination about my experience.	Your imagination about my experience.	Yeah... So tell me more
2	I just found out that my sister in law is pregnant which is so exciting, but she has had a miscarriage before so I'm just trying to stay positive for her and I know things will go well.	I just found out that my sister in law is pregnant which is so exciting, but she has had a miscarriage before so I'm just trying to stay positive for her and I know things will go well.	That is exciting! I hope everything goes well.
0	Growing up poor helped me appreciate the simpler things in life.  I was enthusiastic and content with the littlest things, like trips to McDonald's after Sunday Mass followed by walks on the beach and window shopping at the mall.  Some people may cherish an affluent childhood but I feel like I'm at an advantage fiscally, psychologically, and spiritually because I can never take any small thing for granted [SEP] I can absolutely see where you're coming from! Growing up my parents were neither wealthy nor very poor, but I feel like I had a great childhood. [SEP] That's cool.  Would you say these days you're living a minimalistic or lavish lifestyle	That's cool.  Would you say these days you're living a minimalistic or lavish lifestyle	I live pretty minimalist. I have the things I need to enjoy life, like a home gym and a gaming computer while being able to afford living essentials. It doesn't take much for me to be happy.
5	I always wanted a ferrari for everyday of the week.	I always wanted a ferrari for everyday of the week.	That's a lofty goal, but if you work hard maybe you can achieve it.
3	I really hope my dog feels better, she has been sick this past week.	I really hope my dog feels better, she has been sick this past week.	Aw I hate to hear that. I also hope she feels better. I love my dog so much.
4	I recently found out that my niece may be autistic.	I recently found out that my niece may be autistic.	I'm sorry to hear that. have they done any tests?
0	My grandfather passed away over a year ago, and I was looking at some of the older photos I have of him and I as a kid.	My grandfather passed away over a year ago, and I was looking at some of the older photos I have of him and I as a kid.	I'm so sorry. I know that must be very difficult for you. It's nice that you have pictures to look at and remember old times together.
4	i was upset when I wasnt able to leave work early [SEP] oh i see.. did you have any programs planned? [SEP] yea i had some things in the works	yea i had some things in the works	sorry to hear that buddy
5	While I was on maternity leave, I worked from home a little bit.  I don't think my boss liked it very much though. [SEP] Oh, well that isn't fair of your boss! Most people wouldn't work at all while are maternity leave, he should be grateful! [SEP] You would think, but he would literally yell at me over the phone about things that happened when I wasn't even there.	You would think, but he would literally yell at me over the phone about things that happened when I wasn't even there.	Well, sounds like your boss is stressed out too much and taking it out on you! Maybe he needs a long break!
2	Trying out food from this new place. A lot of people tell me it's good. [SEP] Nice! I bet your excited about it. I love trying new places.  [SEP] Yea. Totally. My favorite place closed down, so it's been hard trying to find a replacement.	Yea. Totally. My favorite place closed down, so it's been hard trying to find a replacement.	Yes it is! Thats sounds disappointing, but Im glad you found a new place you will hopefully like. 
2	I am really looking forward to my special dinner with my partner! Our ten year anniversary is coming up! [SEP] That's fantastic! Congratulations! Is it at a restaurant or home prepared? [SEP] I made reservations at a restaurant with a beautiful view of the city. Very romantic and fancy!	I made reservations at a restaurant with a beautiful view of the city. Very romantic and fancy!	That sounds awesome, honestly. I hope you enjoy it!
8	When we were kids, my older sister pretended to abandon me at the mall because I was being a brat. [SEP] Oh no, I had a older cousin who did that to me as well. Hopefully she was just giving you tough love or discipline. [SEP] Yeah, I definitely deserved it LOL.  I never acted like that again with her!	Yeah, I definitely deserved it LOL.  I never acted like that again with her!	Yeah it really teaches you! I would always sit down where i was and start crying.
8	I had jury duty for three months this spring. Its was surprisingly fun and interesting.  [SEP] I hate jury duty. [SEP] It can be an inconvenience and it only paid 12 dollars a day. So that was bad.	It can be an inconvenience and it only paid 12 dollars a day. So that was bad.	Yes. They underpay.
0	I accidentally tripped while walking into a restaurant and there was a bunch of people around. [SEP] That sounds terrible, i would have cried! [SEP] Well I didn't cry, but my appetite was runied so I just went home.	Well I didn't cry, but my appetite was runied so I just went home.	I understand stand that for sure.
7	"I got all of my housework done. For the rest of the day I am satisfied to just relax and do whatever I want.	"I got all of my housework done. For the rest of the day I am satisfied to just relax and do whatever I want.	Good that you done! Have a relaxing day!
5	I thought the job was mine. I even went and bought new clothes. [SEP] Why do you think you didn't get the job? [SEP] I'm not sure- the only thing I could think of was that its in a very low income urban setting and I've never worked in that type of setting before.	I'm not sure- the only thing I could think of was that its in a very low income urban setting and I've never worked in that type of setting before.	Maybe you should try and get experience in those areas to help you in the future then?
8	I have a job interview coming up! I'm nervous, but I think I'm ready! [SEP] Great, since you are prepared I'm sure you will do great! [SEP] I've studied the company's history, CEO and mission statement! Anything else you think I should know before I go in there?	I've studied the company's history, CEO and mission statement! Anything else you think I should know before I go in there?	If you could speak with someone that work there you could learn more about what to expect and what things they value the most, but you certainly seem very prepared.
1	My friend has been taking care of his elderly mom, going to school and work full-time.	My friend has been taking care of his elderly mom, going to school and work full-time.	Wow, that's amazing of him, it must be really hard.
2	I ran into a group of people  I went to high school wiith over the weekend [SEP] Hey cool!  Did you all catch up on old times? [SEP] I was headed somewhere but we are getting together at the casino this weekend [SEP] Oh heck yes!  That sounds awesome!  bring me back some of your winnings! [SEP] They wont get a dime of my money. I have a free buffet lol [SEP] hahaha awesome!  Have fun this weekend mate! [SEP] you too! get out of the house!	you too! get out of the house!	haha!  Copy that, will do!
7	I don't drink anymore and I'm careful about new medications. [SEP] Congratulations! That's probably a health choice that you've made. [SEP] I wish it was for health reasons.	I wish it was for health reasons.	Well, I don't want to pry, but I hope everything is going well for you now and wish you all the best.
8	Lately, my neighbors want to sit around and gossip about the family across the street. They love to talk bad about them even though it's clear this family is struggling. I'm sick of it [SEP] I am sure you are, that sounds bad [SEP] It's awful! How are people okay with being so cruel?	It's awful! How are people okay with being so cruel?	There are just bad people out there
2	The other day when I was cleaning I came across an old keychain my dad gave me when I was younger, it was nice to see. 	The other day when I was cleaning I came across an old keychain my dad gave me when I was younger, it was nice to see. 	Thats good that you found the keychain
0	I was feeling ill most of the month and discovered I am pregnant! [SEP] Are you excited? [SEP] After the shock, I am very excited!  Its my third child and well, I guess you never feel financially prepared for a child.  I love babies though!	After the shock, I am very excited!  Its my third child and well, I guess you never feel financially prepared for a child.  I love babies though!	me too. I have three kids too
6	I stole a soda as a teenager and got caught in the parking lot by the security people. I felt so ashamed.	I stole a soda as a teenager and got caught in the parking lot by the security people. I felt so ashamed.	Oh wow, did anything end up happening to you? Did you get 20 years in prison?
2	I'll get to go on vacation tomorrow. Been working really hard to get things clear up so I can enjoy myself. [SEP] Awesome! Where are you headed to?  [SEP] Japan! Looking forward to the food.	Japan! Looking forward to the food.	OMG!!!!! That sounds amazing! Its going to be epic. I hope you have a great time. 
2	I am basking in my new found love even though my parent seem to see things differently [SEP] Oh that is a pickle. Congrats on the new love. Why might your parent not approve? [SEP] They want an American with blue eyes, educated in Yale but I am in love with a boy from a Tanzania 	They want an American with blue eyes, educated in Yale but I am in love with a boy from a Tanzania 	Ah they had certain expectations, I see. Well, you can't help who you fall in love with. Hopefully they will support you in the future.
1	I am jealous of my coworker, he is very smart and athletic [SEP] Have you considered tring to work out? [SEP] I do work out, but he is on another level	I do work out, but he is on another level	That's unforunate.
3	i requested A REFUND TO PICK THE NEXT AVAILABLE FLIGHT ,YET IT WAS DECLINED [SEP] Could you fight them more for the refund? [SEP] it got me screaming at such insensitivity	it got me screaming at such insensitivity	I am sure, I hope you can get a resolution
1	Trying out food from this new place. A lot of people tell me it's good.	Trying out food from this new place. A lot of people tell me it's good.	Nice! I bet your excited about it. I love trying new places. 
7	So I found out twice that I was pregnant with a daughter, so I have two little girls now. Different ages of course. I am getting all worked up hoping my next one will be a boy! [SEP] How did you find that out? Ultrasound or intuition? [SEP] Ultrasound and an old tale that if the heart rate was above 160 it was definitely a girl lol	Ultrasound and an old tale that if the heart rate was above 160 it was definitely a girl lol	Ah I have two girls too and remember the same old wive's tale haha. Good luck on that boy!
8	I walked through my old neighborhood this past weekend. All sorts of memories came flooding back.	I walked through my old neighborhood this past weekend. All sorts of memories came flooding back.	I love when that happens!  I did the same thing not too long ago when I was in the area I grew up in.  
6	She talks to him on the phone regularly. I have expressed my discontent but she doesnt seem to care	She talks to him on the phone regularly. I have expressed my discontent but she doesnt seem to care	Who does she talk to on the phone regularly?
3	I just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but I got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. Its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet. [SEP] Oh I'm sorry to hear that. You must be so worried. [SEP] It definitely is stressing me out and I'm trying not to think too far into all the possibilities.  I'll feel sick until I get to talk to them tomorrow.	It definitely is stressing me out and I'm trying not to think too far into all the possibilities.  I'll feel sick until I get to talk to them tomorrow.	Try to get a good night's rest. I hope everything is ok!
1	My dog pooped in my neighbors law. It is becoming a habit for him	My dog pooped in my neighbors law. It is becoming a habit for him	Oh no! Was your neighbor upset about it.I bet your embarrassed.
3	My dog pooped on the rug today. [SEP] Oh no! We're you able to clean it up? [SEP] I was! But I was so angry about it!	I was! But I was so angry about it!	Yeah hopefully it doesn't happen again!
6	this pretty girl was on the train and i accidentally farted loud infront of her [SEP] Oh my, that must have been super embarrassing. Did you get red faced? [SEP] no i pretended it wasnt me but she knew	no i pretended it wasnt me but she knew	Did you ask for her number afterwards?
5	I feel so lonesome! My husband just left for a boys' trip. [SEP] That's so sad! Maybe you should give him a call? [SEP] That's a good idea! He's going to be gone for a week, I'm going to have to call him!	That's a good idea! He's going to be gone for a week, I'm going to have to call him!	That's the spirit! The loneliness should melt away!
3	I really get scared when I have to talk to people in public. [SEP] Same! That is why I never go outside and just be on my computer all day! [SEP] I have a big speech for a class next week. I'm not looking forward to it.	I have a big speech for a class next week. I'm not looking forward to it.	You got this! Fake it until you make it!
0	Wow have you ever driven a manual car? [SEP] Just once. If the car had not died I would have hit a building. [SEP] It's hard for sure, I'm trying to learn but it's kind of embarrasing.	It's hard for sure, I'm trying to learn but it's kind of embarrasing.	I know that feeling for sure. I freaked out because I could not remember how to use the brake. 
8	My wife has out of town for a couple weeks and we just moved to this city. I feel so bored and have no one to hang out with. [SEP] Oh no, maybe try going to reddit and ask people what to do in your city! [SEP] That's actually a really good idea!  I am always on reddit anyways!	That's actually a really good idea!  I am always on reddit anyways!	Hahaha, me too, it's such a time sink. This week when it was down for a couple hours I really felt like I had nothing else to browse.
7	I hesitated before getting on the rollercoaster because it looked so scary! 	I hesitated before getting on the rollercoaster because it looked so scary! 	im terrified of rollercoasters
7	I had this big meeting at work and it went great. All that hard work before hand really paid off!	I had this big meeting at work and it went great. All that hard work before hand really paid off!	thats good.. seem like a good employee
0	Do you have any kids?	Do you have any kids?	Yes I have 3 children
2	I have been in vacation in Mexico for one week now. I am buying gifts for my family before coming back.	I have been in vacation in Mexico for one week now. I am buying gifts for my family before coming back.	Wow, lucky you.  I hope you are enjoying your time there.  They will be appreciative of the gifts.
8	I found my oldest kids coming home outfit. It was so tiny! [SEP] Lol,  exactly,  because they are children  [SEP] They're just so little when they're first born. It's easy to forget.	They're just so little when they're first born. It's easy to forget.	Yeah.  So what did you do then
2	Hi! I watched a movie yesterday with my son. [SEP] That's good, how old is your son? [SEP] He is 23 and he picked a movie I didn't really want to see.	He is 23 and he picked a movie I didn't really want to see.	Oh he is quite a grown man. I bet you wanted to catch up on old time growing up with him
2	Well I just got a call telling me I have gotten the job.  I got a new job! [SEP] Congratulations! I hope you lovve it [SEP] Well I haven't started yet so I don't know for sure but I think I will really like it there.	Well I haven't started yet so I don't know for sure but I think I will really like it there.	I hope so. It really sucks when you hate your job lol
1	My nephew gave me the sweetest homemade gift of a painting he made for my birthday! [SEP] Thats so sweet. [SEP] Yes, he really likes to paint now so he made sure to use all of his favorite colors.	Yes, he really likes to paint now so he made sure to use all of his favorite colors.	thats super nice, thanks for sharing.
0	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away	I know exactly how you feel. Sometimes it is for the best if they are suffering though.
3	I get sentimental about my family, they mean a lot to me and I do not know what I would do without them	I get sentimental about my family, they mean a lot to me and I do not know what I would do without them	I feel you buddy.. Family is above everything
0	I'm feeling so regretful today. I went shopping and spent way more than I should have. I think I might have to return some of the things I bought.	I'm feeling so regretful today. I went shopping and spent way more than I should have. I think I might have to return some of the things I bought.	I hate that feeling. I spent $50 on groceries I didn't exactly need. so I know how you feel.
6	Hi friend, guess what just happened that made me cry.	Hi friend, guess what just happened that made me cry.	What's that? Hope it wasn't too bad!
0	I enjoy reminiscing on the better times in life.	I enjoy reminiscing on the better times in life.	Me too. About friends an d family. Things I got to see and do.
7	I found a research study for parents where you discuss and review an education website. It takes an hour of your time and you make $125. I applied and told my friedn about it so she could apply.	I found a research study for parents where you discuss and review an education website. It takes an hour of your time and you make $125. I applied and told my friedn about it so she could apply.	Wow! That's a good deal- I wish I knew how to find that!
0	I ate the last piece of cake. [SEP] What kind of cake was it [SEP] It was tres leche. I have no regrets, but there will be very upset people.	It was tres leche. I have no regrets, but there will be very upset people.	I am glad, you deserve a treat every once and awhile
6	I stole my brothers copy of Purple Rain.	I stole my brothers copy of Purple Rain.	Is that a prince album?
8	I have to assemble a dresser from IKEA.	I have to assemble a dresser from IKEA.	That's gonna take some time. I love their designs, but I hate the assembly!
7	I'm turning 21 in three days!	I'm turning 21 in three days!	Wow that is awesome! Congratulations. I am already 31 
3	I feel so alone these days [SEP] Why? I will be your friend if you need friends. [SEP] I just moved to a new city and I do not know anyone.	I just moved to a new city and I do not know anyone.	Take a chance and go to a coffee shop or bar.
1	I received a promotion and while I didn't expect it, it is much needed and appreciated! [SEP] unexpected is even better than expected! congrats!  [SEP] Yes, I'm so very happy for it!	Yes, I'm so very happy for it!	my god i would be too pop the bubbly! 
0	My friend is having a minor surgery today but he is apprehensive about it. I am worried for him as well too. [SEP] Minor surgery is still surgery.  I understand that it can be scary for anyone. [SEP] Especially if its your first.  He will have to be anesthetized. 	Especially if its your first.  He will have to be anesthetized. 	That is a surreal feeling, I understand his apprehension.  
3	I had so many bad dates recently. I just know my next one is gonna be great.	I had so many bad dates recently. I just know my next one is gonna be great.	I hope it is - do you have any funny experiences from the bad ones?
8	My son just left for college. I miss him so much! [SEP] It's hard. But you will see him soon and nowadays tehre are lots of ways to communicate [SEP] I agree, I will probably FaceTime with him since I am so sad and want to see his face.	I agree, I will probably FaceTime with him since I am so sad and want to see his face.	Soon you'll remember all the mess he made or food he ate and be a little bit glad :-)
3	Didn't mean to break her glass. [SEP] Oh no! What happened? Was she upset? [SEP] She wasn't upset because I lied and said my cat did it.	She wasn't upset because I lied and said my cat did it.	Smart thinking! Cats are always good scapegoats lol
1	I was super grossed out when I left some noodles in the sink last night and today there were maggots. I about vomited. Fly summer :/ trying everything! [SEP] I had to buy a fruit fly trap this summer as well.  But as soon as I set it up they stopped flying around. [SEP] I have sticky traps and keep things cleaned with bleach and lemon. I need to put lime in the yard and see if that helps. It's like they get in ANY crack everyday! So gross! 	I have sticky traps and keep things cleaned with bleach and lemon. I need to put lime in the yard and see if that helps. It's like they get in ANY crack everyday! So gross! 	I feel your pain.. I really do!
7	I just had to pass all of my classes to graduate.	I just had to pass all of my classes to graduate.	congratulations!
5	My boss wants to talk to me after lunch. I don't know what it could be about.	My boss wants to talk to me after lunch. I don't know what it could be about.	It could be something good maybe.
7	We have to fly across the country this coming weekend and I hate flying so much! I feel dizzy just thinking about it.	We have to fly across the country this coming weekend and I hate flying so much! I feel dizzy just thinking about it.	Oh man, good luck! Make sure to have a book/music on hand at least to help distract you
0	I stubbed my toe today and i was so annoyed [SEP] That's so painful. I hope it didn't hurt for too long. [SEP] yea it didnt but it was a pain	yea it didnt but it was a pain	I know what you mean, it can linger sometimes.
5	I am feeling a little conflicted and disloyal today. I told my boss I applied for a new job. He was sad. 	I am feeling a little conflicted and disloyal today. I told my boss I applied for a new job. He was sad. 	Maybe he should give you a raise so you can stay.
1	We had no idea, but my best friend just told us he was gay last week.  [SEP] oh thats good that he felt comfortable enough to tell you [SEP] Yes for sure. He said he was afraid to tell anyone all these years. 	Yes for sure. He said he was afraid to tell anyone all these years. 	thats cool that he was able to come out on his own terms
2	I have to tell you about one of the scariest moments ive had in a long time.. [SEP] What happened? [SEP] I went to take my dog outside to use the bathroom last night, and when we walked outside onto the porch there was a giant spider the size of my fist.  I thought it was going to attack me.  I ran back inside so fast.	I went to take my dog outside to use the bathroom last night, and when we walked outside onto the porch there was a giant spider the size of my fist.  I thought it was going to attack me.  I ran back inside so fast.	OMG, those things make the hair on the back of my neck stand up. Hopefully it didn't get into your house.
0	My sister fell ill a few weeks ago. I went to her house to take care of her. [SEP] Oh no! I'm so sorry!  Is she okay? That is so great that she has you. [SEP] She is doing much better now. You always have to look out for family.	She is doing much better now. You always have to look out for family.	I agree.  Be there no matter what.  I hope she heals quickly.  
6	I was running in the park, I slipped on a banana peel and fell.	I was running in the park, I slipped on a banana peel and fell.	oh no thats embarrassing. did anyone see?
8	My friends want me to go scuba diving with them. [SEP] That does sound fun [SEP] I don't really want to go because I worry about sharks and other creatures.	I don't really want to go because I worry about sharks and other creatures.	I am sure there will be none of those there
1	I have the best friends, they put together a party for my graduation and I had no idea it was even planned.	I have the best friends, they put together a party for my graduation and I had no idea it was even planned.	That's really awesome. Your friends sound really great!
2	I had been unemployed for a long time until earlier this year. I originally wasn't sure if I was going to even interview for the position I did, but I'm glad I decided to. I got a call in late may from a merchandising company. I went back and forth in my mind after being rejected from many interviews over the past couple years. In the end I went for it, the interviewer liked what I had to say, and I was hired the same day! I've been working there ever since. [SEP] Congratulations!  That's awesome.  Sometimes it's scary to risk rejection, but it sounds like it totally paid off in this case.   [SEP] Yeah I'm happy I kept at it :)	Yeah I'm happy I kept at it :)	I'm about to switch careers, so I'll be doing the interviewing thing soon. It's scary.  
6	On the road that's the only access to our neighborhood there was a dead animal that the city was notified of.	On the road that's the only access to our neighborhood there was a dead animal that the city was notified of.	Oh gross, what kind of animal was it?
2	My grandson took his first steps the other day. Can you believe it?	My grandson took his first steps the other day. Can you believe it?	Oh that is fantastic!!!  I bet you're proud of him!
6	MY neighbors have been really nice since my car broke down [SEP] That's good. What have they done for you ? [SEP] they are letting my kids carpool to school. I will help them out when my car is fixed	they are letting my kids carpool to school. I will help them out when my car is fixed	How long do you think that it will take.
5	I kept hearing strange noises come from my basement last night. I haven't been down there since I found the house available to rent real cheap.	I kept hearing strange noises come from my basement last night. I haven't been down there since I found the house available to rent real cheap.	Hmmm yeah I maybe would consider moving out. 
0	Hi, how are you? [SEP] I'm doing pretty alright, what about you? [SEP] I have been better, I just am kind of annoyed with lying.  Does lying annoy you also/	I have been better, I just am kind of annoyed with lying.  Does lying annoy you also/	Absolutely, it is one of my biggest pet peeves, especially when people accuse me of lying too.
0	My dog died recently. I'm sad he's gone! [SEP] Sorry to hear that. Remember he will always be with you in your heart.  [SEP] Of course! There are always memories! Have you ever had a pet?	Of course! There are always memories! Have you ever had a pet?	Yes I have a pet Labrador back home. I miss spoiling him with treats so much. 
1	i was very happy buying my first new car today [SEP] conrats. what did you get? [SEP] a 2018 subaru WRX	a 2018 subaru WRX	oh nice
4	Had HELLP syndrom with first child. Spent all 9 months being pregnant with 2nd child worrying about the same thing happening.	Had HELLP syndrom with first child. Spent all 9 months being pregnant with 2nd child worrying about the same thing happening.	What is HELLP? I'm sorry you and your baby had to go through that.
0	You ever have a situation where you help someone out and just end up regretting it?	You ever have a situation where you help someone out and just end up regretting it?	yes, that is always a hard situation.  
5	I applied to a few jobs, and I was interviewed for the one I was most interested in. I haven't heard back from them though, so I don't think I got the jobl	I applied to a few jobs, and I was interviewed for the one I was most interested in. I haven't heard back from them though, so I don't think I got the jobl	Stay positive, you never know. Maybe send them a polite email saying thank you for the interview and things you liked about the company.
8	I really thought that physics was gonna be an easy class last semester.	I really thought that physics was gonna be an easy class last semester.	Physics is an interesting subject, but it can get difficult to understand sometimes.
0	I really needed to get ready for this test in calculus last semester since otherwise I would've failed.	I really needed to get ready for this test in calculus last semester since otherwise I would've failed.	Well done, you studied for it and passed!
5	I am afraid of ghosts. [SEP] Mw too. I don't even llike when it's too dark inside or outside. [SEP] I hope I never meet a ghost.	I hope I never meet a ghost.	Maybe we are ghosts.
8	I'd been having computer problems for quite a while. Finally I decided to take my computer into a shop. I was shocked at how quickly and fast the tech fixed the computer and had it working like new. [SEP] I agree, these shop mechanics can be extremely knowledgeable when it comes to computers. [SEP] Yeah sometimes they really are. A lot of my past experiences have been negative though.	Yeah sometimes they really are. A lot of my past experiences have been negative though.	yea but at least now you have found a good, trustworthy place.
3	I miss my ex [SEP] That's understandable. What happened? [SEP] we broke up a long time ago but we used to be friends before.	we broke up a long time ago but we used to be friends before.	That's hard. Are they in a new relationship? I hope it wasn't a bad breakup?
8	I had to dance in front of everyone at the wedding and I can't dance well/ [SEP] I am sure you looked just fine. [SEP] Literally I have two left feet.	Literally I have two left feet.	I am sure it was not that bad.
5	I was with my family over the weekend, and I started feeling happy and a little teary eyed about our time together. [SEP] Do you not see them much? [SEP] No, it's tough because of the distance between where we live. So I try to treasure those moments we have.	No, it's tough because of the distance between where we live. So I try to treasure those moments we have.	I can relate. I last seen my mom around 8 years ago and my dad around 10 years ago. Maybe you should move closer to them.
2	I am so ready to go to the Yankees  game tomorrow. [SEP] Oh, who are they playing? [SEP] They are playing Tampa Bay.	They are playing Tampa Bay.	That will be so fun!
1	Waiting for my pho delivery [SEP] Oh? Is it a family, group, or some other meaningful photo? [SEP] Oh. Pho is a Vietnamese noodle dish.	Oh. Pho is a Vietnamese noodle dish.	OH! haha, well you learn something new every day. Noodles sounds good though
2	I knew I do well on my work project. I prepared hard [SEP] what kind of project was it? It's always satisfying to see hard work pay off. [SEP] It was for a marketing campaign, thank you	It was for a marketing campaign, thank you	I'm sure you'll reap the rewards at your job in the long term.
5	I just found out that my girlfriend has cheated on me [SEP] I feel sorry for you, how did you reacted ? [SEP] I was so angry, but also so shocked that I didn't even know what to say to her	I was so angry, but also so shocked that I didn't even know what to say to her	This is normal, maybe you should take so time alone to think about how you really fell about the situation. Anger  can make you do things that you will regret later. 
3	I wish I had more friends, I have no one.	I wish I had more friends, I have no one.	best place to find one is online!
7	I've been having a rough relationship lately, so tomorrow I plan to break up with my girlfriend.  [SEP] Oh no... I hope it's for the best [SEP] Well, I know how I feel and why it's not working. So I'll simply tell it like it is, it shouldn't be too bad.	Well, I know how I feel and why it's not working. So I'll simply tell it like it is, it shouldn't be too bad.	Good luck :)
5	Going to the park this weekend to ride coasters.  Not excited. [SEP] You don't like roller coasters? [SEP] Haven't been on one yet.  Kinda scared lol	Haven't been on one yet.  Kinda scared lol	I think they are tons of fun!
8	I really do not like doctors.  I hate going, I am freaked out by surgery, etc..   [SEP] Oh really? What makes you not like them? [SEP] I don't know exactly, I just don't.  When they decided we needed to do a c-section with my first child, I think I about lost it.  They had to give me something to calm me down.	I don't know exactly, I just don't.  When they decided we needed to do a c-section with my first child, I think I about lost it.  They had to give me something to calm me down.	Ugh I feel ya. They talked about that with mine, too. I almost passed out when they were doing the epidural!
1	You know what I tried the other night? [SEP] No, tell me about it! [SEP] I was at a restaurant and they had deep fried eggplant.  I thought I would try it.    NEVER AGAIN THAT STUFF WAS NASTY AND GROSS	I was at a restaurant and they had deep fried eggplant.  I thought I would try it.    NEVER AGAIN THAT STUFF WAS NASTY AND GROSS	Yeah, eggplant is pretty gross.
1	I am having a bonus this year. I am so happy. I can't wait to see it on my bank account. [SEP] what are you going to do with it ? [SEP] I am planning a trip to Cuba. I was told it is a nice place.	I am planning a trip to Cuba. I was told it is a nice place.	oh thats cool
3	I had an accident at work one time. [SEP] Oh no! We're you okay? [SEP] Yea except my pride, I went to work sick and ended up ruining a pair of pant's if you get what i mean.	Yea except my pride, I went to work sick and ended up ruining a pair of pant's if you get what i mean.	Ha ha, you poor thing. Hopefully you feel better soon!
2	am still expecting a call from the new company i to an interview for. i still believe i will get the job	am still expecting a call from the new company i to an interview for. i still believe i will get the job	I hope it works out for you then.
1	I am very reluctant to confront my boss on her behaviors recently. She is picking on all the male employees for no reason..	I am very reluctant to confront my boss on her behaviors recently. She is picking on all the male employees for no reason..	That's no good.
6	My friends are late to plans all the time.	My friends are late to plans all the time.	That must be really annoying! What were they late to this time?
2	Madden comes out friday and im so ready	Madden comes out friday and im so ready	I'm sure it's hard waiting for the new releases when it's a game your hyped up for! I enjoy playing games too!
3	Last week my wife left me. [SEP] im sorry that is awful [SEP] Yeah, I felt like I had nobody after that	Yeah, I felt like I had nobody after that	eventually you will feel better again
8	I worked for a company for 5 years and I found a new job that paid better. I worked out the last of my shifts but I felt bad for leaving a company that was so good to me.	I worked for a company for 5 years and I found a new job that paid better. I worked out the last of my shifts but I felt bad for leaving a company that was so good to me.	I get that, but money talks at the end of the day
3	I had to cancel lunch this morning with a relative. I still feel bad about it [SEP] Aw, I hate it when that happens, but I bet the relative understands.  Sometimes things come up. [SEP] I hope they do	I hope they do	They've probably been on the other side of this situation before.
8	Driving to visit my mom yesterday reminded me so much of my childhood [SEP] Memories like that are nice [SEP] They indeed are! I think of them when I'm having a hard time.	They indeed are! I think of them when I'm having a hard time.	They can be helpful for sure
4	When my dog Buddy died, I was horribly upset.	When my dog Buddy died, I was horribly upset.	I am sorry that happened . I have 3 dogs myself.
0	Don't you hate when you order food and it is terrible.	Don't you hate when you order food and it is terrible.	I do. Makes me angry.
1	I wasn't expecting this, by when I woke up this morning on my birthday, my boyfriend informed me that he planned a trip to Califoria for us and that we are leaving today!	I wasn't expecting this, by when I woke up this morning on my birthday, my boyfriend informed me that he planned a trip to Califoria for us and that we are leaving today!	I would be so excited! 
2	My manager has decided to take me with him in a work trip to Washington. I was not expecting to be the one going. [SEP] Are you excited about it or not really? [SEP] Yes, I am. My coworker are jealous that I am the one going to Washington to meet an important client.	Yes, I am. My coworker are jealous that I am the one going to Washington to meet an important client.	That's awesome then. I hope your trip will be a fruitful one!
0	I love looking at all my family pictures , it always makes me smile when times were simpler and everyone was happy	I love looking at all my family pictures , it always makes me smile when times were simpler and everyone was happy	I know that feeling
2	I was shocked to see my dog missing the other day!	I was shocked to see my dog missing the other day!	Oh, no I hope you found him and he is ok.
1	I saw some pictures of back home from old. It made me miss it [SEP] Aww, it's nice to relive those old memories sometimes. [SEP] Memories are always nice	Memories are always nice	Pictures are nice to have to be able to look back on life.
7	After weeks of studying im ready for my math test [SEP] I hope you do well on it. [SEP] i think im prepared enough	i think im prepared enough	Give it all of your best.
6	This weekend i played in a cornhole tournament i was extremely excited about my chances. 	This weekend i played in a cornhole tournament i was extremely excited about my chances. 	That sounds fun! But what is cornhole? I've never heard of it before!
7	i cant wait for next week! [SEP] What's going on next week? [SEP] the kids go back to school	the kids go back to school	Yay! That is one of the best days of the year!
0	It's always sad for me to see a friend from work, leave and get a new job. [SEP] Yeah that is pretty tough. Especially when you really like to work together. [SEP] Yeah! It's one of the main reasons for liking a job, is the people you work with and become friends with.	Yeah! It's one of the main reasons for liking a job, is the people you work with and become friends with.	Then you have to meet their replacement and try to get to know them better. It usually isn't the same.
3	I recently quit a really bad job, but I didn't have another job lined up [SEP] I lost my job, so I know how you feel. It is tough not have a source of income.  [SEP] It definitely is. It took a huge leap of faith	It definitely is. It took a huge leap of faith	Sometimes you got to just do it and hope and pray all comes out like it should, and it usually does. 
6	I've got a business meeting on Friday this week, and it's with a big client for my company, so I really need to make a good impression. [SEP] I bet you've had to do a lot of prep work.  Do you feel ready? [SEP] Yeah, I've got everything I need, and I've done my research on the people coming, so I think it will go well, but I need to keep on my toes.	Yeah, I've got everything I need, and I've done my research on the people coming, so I think it will go well, but I need to keep on my toes.	What day do you leave for the trip?
1	I just found an old report card as I was cleaning out my basement. It brought back a lot of memories  [SEP] oh how exciting. what grade was it from? [SEP] Elementary school. Third grade I think? 	Elementary school. Third grade I think? 	that is so sweet. it would be fun if you have children so you can share it with them.
1	I found an old R/C car I had from when I was a kid.	I found an old R/C car I had from when I was a kid.	thats pretty neat.  I think that might be worth a lot of money
6	I saw a man eat an entire tube of toothpaste.	I saw a man eat an entire tube of toothpaste.	Wow, that's quite a feat. Did he get sick?
4	I always feel like my life is harder than most. [SEP] Why do you feel that way? [SEP] I have no outside support system.	I have no outside support system.	I am so sorry. I hope you can make friends, try to join some sort of activities to meet people.
7	So sad that my dog passed away. [SEP] Awe.. I'm sorry.   I know how you must feel. I've got a dog myself. [SEP] He had a long battle with cancer, it was rough. [SEP] Attleast the suffering is over. [SEP] You're right but I'll miss him jumping on me. [SEP] Are you going to get another doggo? [SEP] I am I believe, once my moms ready, she is very sad.	I am I believe, once my moms ready, she is very sad.	Time heals all wounds.
3	I had a bunch of surgeries this year. I"ve never felt more relaxed then when I found out I was clear and they were over with. 	I had a bunch of surgeries this year. I"ve never felt more relaxed then when I found out I was clear and they were over with. 	That had to be rough, and glad to hear you're better. Do you have any follow-up appointments to go to?
1	Man I've had such an awesome week!  How about you?	Man I've had such an awesome week!  How about you?	That's awesome! Mine has been just fine, not bad
6	So my first day of college my girlfriend decided to break up with me. This is after 3 years of dating. [SEP] Why did she break up? [SEP] Said she didn't love me anymore. For 2 weeks i didn't do any homework didn't even go to class half the time for those weeks.	Said she didn't love me anymore. For 2 weeks i didn't do any homework didn't even go to class half the time for those weeks.	Did she give you a reason why she didn't love you anymore?
5	I really miss living in the city [SEP] I can understand that. Everything is right at your doorsteps.  [SEP] MY friends are so far away now. We hardly ever see each other.	MY friends are so far away now. We hardly ever see each other.	That can be very rough. Maybe you can move there soon!
6	We found a huge black snake in our backyard today! Gives me the chills just thinking about it. 	We found a huge black snake in our backyard today! Gives me the chills just thinking about it. 	Oh no! But I think black snakes are good? They eat nasty bugs and rodents!
4	I am sad ACDC will not be touring this year.	I am sad ACDC will not be touring this year.	I'm sorry, is it because their guitarist died?
7	I'm off work and at home and relaxing. My day is finished.	I'm off work and at home and relaxing. My day is finished.	Good for you, have a beer for me!
7	My daughter is very good at swimming and I had no idea she can swim leave alone compete [SEP] Swimming is really fun and besides it, it is very healthy as it involves all muscles of the body to be engaged in movement [SEP] Yes it is i realized. i am going to help her now train even more so that she wins in other competitions.	Yes it is i realized. i am going to help her now train even more so that she wins in other competitions.	Good idea. That way she will learn self-discipline and flexibility
1	Next week, I am getting my new car. I can't wait to have it. [SEP] Really? Congrats  [SEP] I bought a honda civic 2018.	I bought a honda civic 2018.	That's a cool ride
4	I lost my job and my wife is a stay at home mom. I don't know how to pay for rent, i'm so stressed	I lost my job and my wife is a stay at home mom. I don't know how to pay for rent, i'm so stressed	oh no. o'm sorry to here that.
5	I participated in local city half marathon yesterday [SEP] That's impressive, how did you do? [SEP] I won! I feel very pleased with myself!	I won! I feel very pleased with myself!	I don't think I could do it.
2	I got a new car and it's great on gas mileage [SEP] Ooh how fun you must have many adventures planned. [SEP] Yes I do, first one will be in two weeks	Yes I do, first one will be in two weeks	Well I hope it is super awesome!
2	Hi I was recently on vacation and frightened half to death. [SEP] Oh, my, what happened? [SEP] I was eating some chips on the balcony. I dropped them and then was swarmed by seagulls. [SEP] I live near the ocean, so I do understand how this can be. I hope you ran, very quickly. [SEP] I went inside. I donr know how dangerous they are but I didnt want to fall 7 stories.	I went inside. I donr know how dangerous they are but I didnt want to fall 7 stories.	I heard a story of seagulls drowning a man to death.
6	My wife gave birth to a fine baby	My wife gave birth to a fine baby	thats awesome,a boy or girl?
3	Someone has knocked on my door in the middle of the night the past two nights. It is kind startling and scary. [SEP] Did they knock and leave? [SEP] Yea I didnt see anyone there by the time I got to the front.	Yea I didnt see anyone there by the time I got to the front.	You should put a camera there. You can see it from your phone.
4	I was watching the Tour De France cycling race over the last week or two [SEP] Wow. Was it intersting? [SEP] Definitely. I was surprised by that Geraint Thomas won.	Definitely. I was surprised by that Geraint Thomas won.	I have no idea who that is. Sorry.
2	One time in high-school band, I didn't know whether or not I was supposed to wear my uniform to an important event. [SEP] Uh oh!  What happened?  Did you end up wearing it? [SEP] I just didn't go, even though I was one of the best players.	I just didn't go, even though I was one of the best players.	I bet your audience missed out!
2	I have been working so hard and it seems my payment can no longer take care of my bills  [SEP] This has to be a very stressful time for you. How are you holding up? [SEP] I am about to lose it, but i will talk to my boss about it	I am about to lose it, but i will talk to my boss about it	I hope they s/he will view you as a valuable member of their organization and do what is necessary to make sure you are well compensated. 
0	ever since my brother moved out last month the house has been so quiet [SEP] I understand! I felt the same when my son left, it's seems so much less noise and talk. [SEP] yeah. i got used to his noise	yeah. i got used to his noise	I understand! I felt the same when my son left, it's seems so much less noise and talk.
7	I was doing a team thing, and we won so i was happy [SEP] what was the team activity?  [SEP] We had to do a presentation for a job	We had to do a presentation for a job	I'm happy it went well for you!
1	When I was in preschool, my pants fell down in front of everyone [SEP] That sounds embarrassing, what happened after? [SEP] I got laughed at a lot and sat down haha	I got laughed at a lot and sat down haha	That sounds like what I would have done too
5	We thought we were going to have to replace our heat pump, but the technicians were able to repair it. [SEP] That's good. I know it's very expensive to replace that part, so I'm sure you are relieved. [SEP] Very!  It costs thousands less than replacing.	Very!  It costs thousands less than replacing.	Yes, for sure! I always prefer repairs over replacement if possible.
5	My wife just got a promotion and a 10% raise. I should be ecstatic for what this means for our family and financial future, but it's hard to not let my selfishness and ego get in the way, and think about how she's been more successful than me. We're currently in the same industry.	My wife just got a promotion and a 10% raise. I should be ecstatic for what this means for our family and financial future, but it's hard to not let my selfishness and ego get in the way, and think about how she's been more successful than me. We're currently in the same industry.	Maybe you can observe what she's doing and use that to advance in the industry as well.
0	My friend planned a party for me when I returned from college without telling me! [SEP] Oh man! I would be so surprised! Where you happy for it? [SEP] I was! They made cookies for me and I ate them all the same day.	I was! They made cookies for me and I ate them all the same day.	I'm so excited! I want some cookies now! 
5	I saw someone who was making much more money than me doing a the same thing as me but a very bad job. But I still wished I was on their place and paid as much	I saw someone who was making much more money than me doing a the same thing as me but a very bad job. But I still wished I was on their place and paid as much	I know what you mean, maybe ask if the place is hiring? 
8	I can't believe how much more my boss gets paid than me [SEP] Why his pay was so big? [SEP] I really don't know.	I really don't know.	Then clarify this with any senior 
7	I have never cheated on a girlfriend	I have never cheated on a girlfriend	Good to hear that you keep your word
2	I am getting married tomorrow. So pumped!	I am getting married tomorrow. So pumped!	Whoa I hope you guys have a great honeymoon. Make sure to treat your fiancee right!
0	It really irritates me when my friend acts superior to everyone in the room, since he seems to think he is the best looking and strongest guy ever when really he's not at all.	It really irritates me when my friend acts superior to everyone in the room, since he seems to think he is the best looking and strongest guy ever when really he's not at all.	That's usually a sign of a lack of confidence or self esteem  in ones self I believe. 
5	I was so scared by the movie the Grudge, even to this day it still scares me today [SEP] never seen it, is it that scary? [SEP] I thought so, the girls face creeps me out	I thought so, the girls face creeps me out	ah, maybe i need to check it out
0	I saw a black cat cross my street yesterday. Now I think something very bad will happen to me. I am so superstitious. [SEP] I am sure nothing will happen to you. [SEP] I hope so. I will be extra careful around things that could hurt me.	I hope so. I will be extra careful around things that could hurt me.	I understand. Sometime, I become also superstitious.
6	So last night im in bed it was aorund 3 AM and i hear a crash in my garage	So last night im in bed it was aorund 3 AM and i hear a crash in my garage	Really? Did you get up to see what made the sound?
1	I had this really hard test at school the other day. I am pretty sure I aced it.  [SEP] That's great! What class was it for? [SEP] Bio-engineering. It was really hard. 	Bio-engineering. It was really hard. 	Wow! You must be very smart. There's no way I'd be any good at bio-engineering.
0	"I am grateful for my family, they mean the world to me [SEP] Blood's thicker than water, whether you like it or not [SEP] That is true, I appreciate them for sure though	That is true, I appreciate them for sure though	tell me why
1	I heard a loud bang outside my house last night, I thought someone was trying to break in. [SEP] what was it ? lightening perhaps [SEP] It turns out a bird flew into my window and died, pretty bizzare.	It turns out a bird flew into my window and died, pretty bizzare.	you must have some crystal clear windows 
7	this weekend i play in a tourney i think i can win [SEP] That's neat, whats the tournament for? [SEP] its a cornhole tournament for a local fire department	its a cornhole tournament for a local fire department	I love cornhole! I used to play that all the time when I tailgated in college. Good luck!
6	I went to a fastfood. Before ordering, I found a dead cockroach on the floor.	I went to a fastfood. Before ordering, I found a dead cockroach on the floor.	Oh that's really disgusting! Did you still eat there?
5	i lost my job today. was not my fault we got robbed [SEP] Oh no I am so sorry! I bet that must have been scary too [SEP] yes they took the money, but boss says its my fault they took it	yes they took the money, but boss says its my fault they took it	wow they should care more that youre safe!
5	So I had huge plans to go away for the summer but that has changed. I failed one of my final exams and I now have to take the course over this summer. I cant believe I let that happen. [SEP] Mistakes happen but it's good you are learning from it. We all make mistakes [SEP] The worst part is that my friends are all still going so I will have a very lonely summer.	The worst part is that my friends are all still going so I will have a very lonely summer.	Maybe it will be just what you need though. Time to really concentrate and learn and grow within yourself as an individual :) Maybe you will have a nice romance too
5	how do feel when you fail [SEP] I feel ashamed of myself, what about you? [SEP] more than shameful i rather die	more than shameful i rather die	You should never think that way. Failure is a part of life.
2	I went on a job interview and thought I did really well. They just called to say I did not get the job. I really wanted it. [SEP] That's too bad. don't give up though [SEP] Its going to be hard to find a another job like that.	Its going to be hard to find a another job like that.	There will be something you like
0	I was going through my attic and found some of my old childhood toys [SEP] You must be feeling nostalgic, maybe your kids will enjoy them [SEP] You are right and I am really looking back fondly on some times in the past	You are right and I am really looking back fondly on some times in the past	Right, it's amazing how one thing can bring back so many memories
8	Someone stole my ketchup at work. [SEP] OH NO! I would have been runnning up and down the halls yelling. [SEP] Yes, I was so livid about it.	Yes, I was so livid about it.	Did you find out who did it and publicly spray ketchup all over them.
8	The other day I was backing out of the parking lot at work and scratched my coworker's car a little bit. [SEP] Oh no, did you tell them? [SEP] No, I feel really bad that I haven't told them about it. I don't know if I should.	No, I feel really bad that I haven't told them about it. I don't know if I should.	If it's not bad,, I wouldn't tell them
1	My neighbor returned my wallet today. [SEP] Where did you lose it at? [SEP] I lost it at the park. I am so thankful that he found it.	I lost it at the park. I am so thankful that he found it.	Yeah, that is a good thing he found it and not someone else. What are the odds.
8	I was very impressed with the food today at Outback restaurant. Everything was delicious.	I was very impressed with the food today at Outback restaurant. Everything was delicious.	I love to eat there. One of my favorite foods to eat is steak.
1	Our home was broken into right after we moved in. [SEP] Oh really? Did you recover? [SEP] We did, but it just took away our sense of security.	We did, but it just took away our sense of security.	That is a scary feeling
2	I recently invested pretty heavily into cryptocurrency. I'm anxiously awaiting to see if it pays off! [SEP] That is very risky and volatile!  With no risk, there is no reward!  I am rooting for you! [SEP] Thanks for the kind words. Yeah, it is a bit risky. I did invest heavily, but not so much so that it burdens my finances.	Thanks for the kind words. Yeah, it is a bit risky. I did invest heavily, but not so much so that it burdens my finances.	That is a good position to be in.  There have been millionaires made in crytocurrency.
8	I made an Apple pie to take to a dinner but then I ate the whole thing. I didn't bring anything to the dinner.	I made an Apple pie to take to a dinner but then I ate the whole thing. I didn't bring anything to the dinner.	I love apple pie. I feel you.
0	I stole a back of chips from church once. [SEP] Oh, What was your age when you've stolen? [SEP] maybe twelve years of age	maybe twelve years of age	It's happening all around. If we're repeating the same, it'll become a bad habit.
2	My family is coming to visit! [SEP] awesome.  When are they coming and for how long? [SEP] They are coming next year from africa!	They are coming next year from africa!	Thats a long trip.  I hope they have a good time
2	When the hurricane came last year, I made sure to stock up on supplies and board all the windows. [SEP] That's a smart thing to do! What hurricane was coming? I got hit by Irma pretty bad last year. [SEP] That is the one! I just didn't want to be caught up, it was my first hurricane and I wanted to think ahead.	That is the one! I just didn't want to be caught up, it was my first hurricane and I wanted to think ahead.	I've lived in South Florida all my life, so I've been through quite a few. As long as you have your supplies you're good to go.
7	I am going to my home town today. Will be visiting for my brother's graduation!	I am going to my home town today. Will be visiting for my brother's graduation!	Congratulations to your brother! Are you flying or driving?
1	I told my wife my deepest darkest secret. 	I told my wife my deepest darkest secret. 	Yeah, I'm taking care of her for the last few months. 
7	A game I'm really looking forward to is coming out this October, and I'm super pumped to play it. [SEP] Nice, it's been a while since i've anticipated any new games. what game is it? [SEP] Red Dead Redemption 2. The first one is one of my favorite games of all time, so I can't wait to play the sequel.	Red Dead Redemption 2. The first one is one of my favorite games of all time, so I can't wait to play the sequel.	Hah, i played the first one a ton on ps3, Wish they would release it for pc. 
5	I dumped my girlfriend yesterday for no reason. [SEP] Did you do it in person? [SEP] No, over the phone.  I feel really remorseful about it.	No, over the phone.  I feel really remorseful about it.	You should of done it in person.
0	Super excited about some moisturizer I am getting tomorrow. 	Super excited about some moisturizer I am getting tomorrow. 	Oh I love trying new things for me! Everyone deserves spoiling sometimes
8	My mom used to make me fried rice all the time, when I was little	My mom used to make me fried rice all the time, when I was little	I love fried rice
2	I hate when my wife and son are away from me	I hate when my wife and son are away from me	I bet it gets lonely
2	Looking forward to getting my cats a new cat tree tomorrow! It is a warehouse deal so I am hoping it is in good shape!	Looking forward to getting my cats a new cat tree tomorrow! It is a warehouse deal so I am hoping it is in good shape!	I hope the cat likes it
8	I made a great pizza this week [SEP] Good job! you must be so proud of yourself. [SEP] Absolutely, I think I'll go into business now	Absolutely, I think I'll go into business now	Hey, if you're passionate about it, then go for it!
2	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter the gift she wanted	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter the gift she wanted	I'm sure she'll be happy with whatever gift you got her.
1	My coworker just bought a brand new car! [SEP] They are so lucky. I would love to have a new car. [SEP] It is so nice! A brand new car, and a Mazerati at that!	It is so nice! A brand new car, and a Mazerati at that!	I would be jealous, because I drive an old clunker 
7	I've decided to ask the girl of my dreams to marry me.  I'm sure she will say yes. [SEP] That's great! Congratulations! That's exciting, and I'm sure if you're confident she will, then she will! [SEP] I do feel confident about it.  We haven't met in person yet, but she is coming to visit me in Nigeria tom	I do feel confident about it.  We haven't met in person yet, but she is coming to visit me in Nigeria tom	Oh, okay. Well, that is a bit different, but good luck!
2	I am sure that I will get a raise. [SEP] That's great! What makes you so confident? [SEP] I know my boss likes my work.	I know my boss likes my work.	Well that awesome to hear! I hope you do get it soon!
5	I am upset, my dog passed away. [SEP] Mine did too - 5 minutes ago, actually. Are you thinking about getting a new one? [SEP] No, I don't think I will get another one.	No, I don't think I will get another one.	That's too bad. Perhaps it would help you heal your troubles away.
8	I flew back to California a few weeks ago, it was beautiful flying in over the mountains. [SEP] It sounds beautiful and serene. [SEP] It really is, I miss the Sierra Nevadas very much, have you ever been? 	It really is, I miss the Sierra Nevadas very much, have you ever been? 	No I haven't. But now I want to see.
0	I'm jealous of my neighbor's new pool, it looks like they are having a blast with it. [SEP] Hmmm. Have you asked to go over for a dip? He never said you couldn't come over and partake in the fun! [SEP] Yeah, me and wife swam in it last weekend, it would be nice to jump in every day after work!	Yeah, me and wife swam in it last weekend, it would be nice to jump in every day after work!	I am sure! Please let him know that I am game to come over for a pool party!
1	We found a huge black snake in our backyard today! Gives me the chills just thinking about it.  [SEP] Oh no! But I think black snakes are good? They eat nasty bugs and rodents! [SEP] Really?  Well, I will take a snake over bugs any day.  It was much bigger than ones I have seen in the past.  We're talking 10 feet long.  We got it into a bin and took it to a field.	Really?  Well, I will take a snake over bugs any day.  It was much bigger than ones I have seen in the past.  We're talking 10 feet long.  We got it into a bin and took it to a field.	Oh wow, that's a big snake!
2	I believe I did rather well on my Law School Admissions Test. [SEP] what do you think your score was? [SEP] I am hoping for at least in the 150 range.	I am hoping for at least in the 150 range.	Ah thats a good score.  When i took the LSATs about 15-16 years ago I received a 156 i believe.  Where do you hope to go to school?
3	My grandmother passed away 20 years ago.  I just found a quilt she made me when I was a baby	My grandmother passed away 20 years ago.  I just found a quilt she made me when I was a baby	Wow what a find, cherish that quilt and keep it safe from harm!
8	Old movies are the best. [SEP] They really are. What is your favorite [SEP] I like old disney movies most, especially osmosis jones.	I like old disney movies most, especially osmosis jones.	Those are good too. I never saw that one
6	I snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	I snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	Is it something that commits you a lot?
1	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my door	ooooh I would be too!  I had someone dent my car too last week.  I feel your pain!
5	I have my final exam for Linear Algebra coming in a week. I feel stressed out as I am not prepared	I have my final exam for Linear Algebra coming in a week. I feel stressed out as I am not prepared	Try to relax and think positive, visualize yourself acing the test.
0	Sometimes I feel like I have so much going on that I feel overwhelmed and over ran with anxiety that it makes it hard to stay focused on everything	Sometimes I feel like I have so much going on that I feel overwhelmed and over ran with anxiety that it makes it hard to stay focused on everything	I totally understand.  Life can sometimes seem overwhelming.  I have learned to stop, take a deep breath, and do one thing at a time.
5	I'm really thinking about switching jobs, but I'm not sure if I should. [SEP] What are the pros of switching jobs? [SEP] Well, my current job is really hard on my body since it's really physical. The other job is much easier, but less pay.	Well, my current job is really hard on my body since it's really physical. The other job is much easier, but less pay.	Well actually desk jobs are much harder on my body and can be really bad for your back and hips etc, if it's a desk job? Well if you are getting older you might want to start saving up, have a side hustle and maybe think about it? Less pay but more peace, health and time is always worth it :)
7	I have an interview this week	I have an interview this week	Congratulations! What position are you interviewing for?
3	My grades come in tomorrow for my language exam. Crossing fingers for a good result... [SEP] I hope you did a really great job. [SEP] Thanks, I do too. I am going to stay confident that I got the grade I want.	Thanks, I do too. I am going to stay confident that I got the grade I want.	That's all you can do at this point 
2	My mom raised me and my brother by herself. I wish I could take care of her in her old age. [SEP] wow thats great, I hope you are able to do that [SEP] Thank you. I sure hope so, too!	Thank you. I sure hope so, too!	hopefully she is in good health!
7	I passed my final! I'm glad my hard work paid off.	I passed my final! I'm glad my hard work paid off.	Congratulations! Was it your last final?
3	My dog graduated doggie school	My dog graduated doggie school	Aw, I hope your dog is much better trained now
2	I got to relax today and sleep. I was off of work [SEP] Oh nice. I'm happy that you got some rest. What do you do for work? [SEP] I work in marketing	I work in marketing	Sounds pretty interesting. I hope everything goes well for you.
5	I talked to my brother the other day. We don't talk much and I miss him. [SEP] I know how you feel, my brother is my best friend but I only talk to him about once a month because he is so busy.  Where is your brother now? [SEP] He lives a couple of states away. He is also crazy busy.	He lives a couple of states away. He is also crazy busy.	Well, I hope you get to talk to him more and maybe can get over there for a visit!
6	always wanted that tire but never had money to buy it , finally got it [SEP] How much was it? [SEP] 690$ for four	690$ for four	Wow, that's a lot, what type of vehicle?
0	I am really happy with my tattoo artist. He is not charging me a lot for great work	I am really happy with my tattoo artist. He is not charging me a lot for great work	That's great.  I don't have any tattoos myself, but a lot of people I know do.  And it seems expensive.  So I'm glad he's not charging you much. 
7	My sister graduated college last week. [SEP] Ah - that's a big accomplishment!!!  Did you get her a great present? [SEP] No, I punched her right in the nose like we do here! It's a tradition.	No, I punched her right in the nose like we do here! It's a tradition.	HAHA!  That is the best tradition I've ever heard of!
3	I felt pretty sad the other day. my friend who i had plans with for the past month cancelled on me. [SEP] Aw I hate when that happens. Did they have a valid excuse to cancel? [SEP] Yes but it didn't help that i was alone. :(	Yes but it didn't help that i was alone. :(	Well hopefully you can get together with them again soon. I know it stinks to get excited about plans and then have them fall through.
3	It really irritates me when my friend acts superior to everyone in the room, since he seems to think he is the best looking and strongest guy ever when really he's not at all. [SEP] That's usually a sign of a lack of confidence or self esteem  in ones self I believe.  [SEP] That wouldn't surprise me. He has always been a bit insecure.	That wouldn't surprise me. He has always been a bit insecure.	I hope you he changes some so you can still be friends. 
2	So I am headed to Mexico for work in about 2 weeks and I am a bit nervous.  I have never been and I am not sure what to expect.	So I am headed to Mexico for work in about 2 weeks and I am a bit nervous.  I have never been and I am not sure what to expect.	I think that it's completely normal to feel that way for such a long distance trip. I assume you're going from America. I bet you would feel better by doing a bit of research!
1	I really appreciated how my coworker gave my an unexpected gift the other day. [SEP] What did he give you/ [SEP] My coworker treated me to a nice lunch, we went to a local sushi spot. 	My coworker treated me to a nice lunch, we went to a local sushi spot. 	Sounds fun, I love sushi.
5	I feel pretty confident about asking for a raise, I think I deserve it a lot [SEP] I feel like you should to if you know you work hard go for it. [SEP] I am planning on it, I hope my boss is receptive	I am planning on it, I hope my boss is receptive	Maybe go to HR I had to do that for my raise and they spoke to my supervisor and he agreed.
0	I was so embarrassed.  I farted while I was out on a date. [SEP] Oh, lord. Did the other person die? [SEP] No they lived.  We both did.  I just pretended nothing happened.	No they lived.  We both did.  I just pretended nothing happened.	Man, i would have left and walked out right away.
2	There's a group project coming up and team members are totally random. I hope I get good people.	There's a group project coming up and team members are totally random. I hope I get good people.	I hope you do, too! I have always hated group work.
5	My biggest skill is being able to bake bread. [SEP] Wow. I have never even tried. Seems complicated. [SEP] It's actually pretty straight forward when you know how. It's a good skill to have as it means you can make something from very cheap ingredients.	It's actually pretty straight forward when you know how. It's a good skill to have as it means you can make something from very cheap ingredients.	Maybe I will try one day.
5	MY daughter acts just like I did when I was 13	MY daughter acts just like I did when I was 13	I guess children could have that tendency, how fun
8	I've been feeling so down, I miss my family. I think it's time to go visit. [SEP] I think it is, that might make you feel better [SEP] Yes It's been a while	Yes It's been a while	Its the perfect time to go see them then
3	when my long time girl friend left me , i felt so alone even tho i have family and friends around me i just was not there i lost a lot of weight too	when my long time girl friend left me , i felt so alone even tho i have family and friends around me i just was not there i lost a lot of weight too	I'm sorry to hear that. That's a pretty common response to break ups. A lot of people go through it, so you're not alone! I hope you pull through soon.
3	I am so thankful for everything in my life.  [SEP] That is great.  Its good to not take family and friends for granted.  [SEP] You are right, I am so thankful for it all!	You are right, I am so thankful for it all!	Keep that attitude and you will go far!  
8	I was cleaning out my closet and noticed some old photos I took of my very first car.  Man, it makes me miss the days when life was simple [SEP] Those were the days, my friend. What kind of car did you have? [SEP] I had an old Ford Taurus.  It was not much, but to me it was the best car ever!	I had an old Ford Taurus.  It was not much, but to me it was the best car ever!	Ford makes some pretty nifty cars! I have a Ford Focus myself. Not much, but it has killer gas mileage.
6	a guy pulled out in front of me, almost caused a dang wreck [SEP] I hate that [SEP] shoot me too, then he decides to drive so slow	shoot me too, then he decides to drive so slow	What is the purpose of that!
8	I'm thinking about owning my first home. [SEP] That's awesome! Is something holding you back? [SEP] Well, I've been putting money away for a while now. I've almost got enough for a down payment.	Well, I've been putting money away for a while now. I've almost got enough for a down payment.	Buying a home can be nerve wracking but in the end it's worth it!
6	So a few nights ago I was awoken to a spider crawling across me in bed. [SEP] Oh heck no! Were you able to get back to sleep? [SEP] Nope! I kept feeling like they were all over me the rest of the night.	Nope! I kept feeling like they were all over me the rest of the night.	Ew, yeah I would have been in the same boat. Did you go sleep on the couch after that?
2	I knew I was going to get this job. I was prepared in the interview [SEP] You must have worked hard for it! You deserve it then. [SEP] I really did	I really did	Good. Hopefully you continue to prepare well for the future challenges.
4	I'm having difficulties when I think about my father. He died one year ago and it's still hurting very much.	I'm having difficulties when I think about my father. He died one year ago and it's still hurting very much.	I'm so sorry to hear about that, it must be awful. Do you have friends and family that you can talk to about this? 
6	I drive my dads truck!	I drive my dads truck!	I've never driven a truck, only small vehicles! How's that working out for you?
4	I just found out the small company I work for is going out of business. I cried all day Friday when I found out because I love working for them	I just found out the small company I work for is going out of business. I cried all day Friday when I found out because I love working for them	I am so sorry to hear this. I am sure you will find another job, but it doesn't make it any less painful.
2	When I won the honor society president election I was so confident in myself!	When I won the honor society president election I was so confident in myself!	I bet so. I've never done anything like that before.
3	I submitted a form to receive notifications for my banking app. I don't know why but the waiting got me feeling antsy.."	I submitted a form to receive notifications for my banking app. I don't know why but the waiting got me feeling antsy.."	It's always a pain waiting to hear back from a bank.  I always think something's gonna go wrong.
7	I just had to pass all of my classes to graduate. [SEP] congratulations! [SEP] Thank you! I didn't know if I was going to be able to.	Thank you! I didn't know if I was going to be able to.	i am really happy for you
1	I feel nervous most of the time but when my regional boss comes into town it gets pretty bad [SEP] Oh that sounds awful. Just makes things worse when they show up? [SEP] yeah im afraid i will make a bad impression and loose my job. The worst things possible always plays through my head  	yeah im afraid i will make a bad impression and loose my job. The worst things possible always plays through my head  	Well it sounds like you've done alright so far I'm sure the worst is behind you.
3	I am scared Carson Wentz will never be the same after his injury, it was brutal [SEP] Who is Carson Wentz? I believe he is a football player correct? What happened to him :O [SEP] He is the Eagles QB, he tore his ACL last year	He is the Eagles QB, he tore his ACL last year	Oh man thats crazy, ACL injuries are hard to recover from! Hope the Eagles win tonight!
5	i feel low and worthless, i hit on my friends wife	i feel low and worthless, i hit on my friends wife	Well, just stop here, and all should be ok.
0	I get disgusted anytime I see people treat animals badly	I get disgusted anytime I see people treat animals badly	I agree, people who do animal cruelty should be in jail.
4	I miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. We used to love it	I miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. We used to love it	Aw I'm sorry to hear that. I bet you have a lot of good memories.
8	My parents raised me like a king and I'm thankful for that.  Because although I was introverted for most of my life I was pretty confident and successful in my abilities and always did well no matter what I did	My parents raised me like a king and I'm thankful for that.  Because although I was introverted for most of my life I was pretty confident and successful in my abilities and always did well no matter what I did	That is so wonderful that you give your parents the credit and are so grateful for what they did for you!
8	Our dining room table is beat up but it belonged to my grandma so I keep it arond. [SEP] ours is a family table too so i understand what you mean. i really need to refinish it [SEP] Are you worried about possibly messing it up? That's what I worry about. [SEP] a little. i am hoping my mother in law will be able to help me with it. she's done it before successfully. [SEP] Maybe I should also see if I can find someone to help me out.	Maybe I should also see if I can find someone to help me out.	it's worth it to keep a family herloom
4	My boyfriend cheated on me while I was away visiting family. I was very angry and upset	My boyfriend cheated on me while I was away visiting family. I was very angry and upset	Sorry to hear about that. Did you ask him to move out of the house?
8	i am loyal to my wife and i'll always be. [SEP] That's an amazing attitude. Not many people are like that nowadays. [SEP] i don't get it why people cheat and hurt each other, but i suppose because they are never happy with what they have and only feel grateful for it after they lose it.	i don't get it why people cheat and hurt each other, but i suppose because they are never happy with what they have and only feel grateful for it after they lose it.	Crazy world we live in.
3	My friend recently bought a brand new Mercedes. [SEP] Oh wow. How do you feel about that? [SEP] I am very envious of him.	I am very envious of him.	People get lucky sometimes. It's better not to compare yourself to someone else.
0	I find spiders to be extremely creepy	I find spiders to be extremely creepy	I find them creepy too. I am actually very scared of them.
5	It was so awkward when I realized I had worn my wife's dress to work the other day. My first clue something was wrong was when I felt I was wrapped like a stuffed sausage.	It was so awkward when I realized I had worn my wife's dress to work the other day. My first clue something was wrong was when I felt I was wrapped like a stuffed sausage.	Maybe you unconsciously wanted to wear it. Maybe you have some hidden desires your subconscious wanted to explore for you? What if you went and did it again the next day, to see if you liked it?
6	I can't wait for this weekend	I can't wait for this weekend	Oh  yea? What's happening this weekend?
4	I hasd such a sad day yesterday helping support my friend with a dying pet. It was so sads.	I hasd such a sad day yesterday helping support my friend with a dying pet. It was so sads.	Im sorry to hear that, how old was the pet?
8	I am so funny. People say I should go into comedy. They also say I might be the next Rodney Dangerfield! [SEP]  i don't think i know who Rodney Dangerfield is but hey, good for you! it's awesome when people have a good sense of humor [SEP] He is probably one of the greatest comedians of all time. His signature phrase was "I don't get no respect"	He is probably one of the greatest comedians of all time. His signature phrase was "I don't get no respect"	I need to google him. I've never even heard that phrase lol
7	I cooked a relly nice breakfast this morning [SEP] Hey great! What did you eat? [SEP] I made eggs, backon, sausage, and french toast. I only made it for myself and not my kids though	I made eggs, backon, sausage, and french toast. I only made it for myself and not my kids though	It is good to just treat yourself sometimes!
7	I start a new job on Monday! I am excited but very nervous! [SEP] That's great! I hope you perform well and have a wonderful time. What is your profession? [SEP] I hope so to.  I just need to shake these nerves off!	I hope so to.  I just need to shake these nerves off!	Just take a few deep breathes and be confident!
3	i saw a kid crying by himself in the store today [SEP] where were his parents? [SEP] he had walked away from them went to the candy section	he had walked away from them went to the candy section	ah that stinks
2	Well the other week when I was low on funds and needed my energy drinks, I found out my mom had stocked up a bunch for me! [SEP] Wow, go mom! Is she always such a sweetheart? [SEP] yes she is incredibly giving and always knows what everyone needs	yes she is incredibly giving and always knows what everyone needs	I hope you guys let her know how appreciated she is!
0	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away [SEP] I know exactly how you feel. Sometimes it is for the best if they are suffering though. [SEP] that is true, still hurts a lot	that is true, still hurts a lot	Oh definitely. I can say that it does get better with time. 
3	Someone stole my luch out of the refrigerator in the break room! [SEP] What did you have in there? [SEP] Some grilled chicken and veggies  I made last night., [SEP] I love veggies, do you know who did it? [SEP] No clue.  Someone that's a jerk.	No clue.  Someone that's a jerk.	That's mean of them, they better give it back to you.
2	I am so happy with my life right now! [SEP] Yeah? That's a good thing! What's going on in your life right now? [SEP] I just had my first child and my marriage is thriving!	I just had my first child and my marriage is thriving!	That's awesome! I very happy for you. I hope you have many good years to come as well.
6	I went on a bike ride after work today.  It was very peaceful.  Just me, the mountains, and my thoughts.  	I went on a bike ride after work today.  It was very peaceful.  Just me, the mountains, and my thoughts.  	That sounds relaxing! How was the weather?
0	Man, don't you hate when you have a test coming up and you procrastinate studying? [SEP] Yes.. I have a test coming up and I should be studying right now!  LOL [SEP] Hahaha, well, this is a pretty good use of your time as well though! But yea, it's so much easier when you study ahead of time. I don't know why I don't do it more often, lol.	Hahaha, well, this is a pretty good use of your time as well though! But yea, it's so much easier when you study ahead of time. I don't know why I don't do it more often, lol.	They say some of the smartest people are procrastinators.
6	College football officially starts tomorrow. [SEP] Whoop Whoop! Thanks for reminding me. I have to purchase youtube live for it. [SEP] I can't wait to watch some football!	I can't wait to watch some football!	Same here! Who is your team?
4	I was eating breakfast when my daughter screamed, "There a humongous spider behind you!" [SEP] Oh man, that would have freaked me out what did you do? [SEP] I thought there'd be some huge tarantula, but it turned out to be just a tiny little thing. I caught it and let it out outside.	I thought there'd be some huge tarantula, but it turned out to be just a tiny little thing. I caught it and let it out outside.	It seems your daughter may over exaggerate things a little bit.
2	Man, I really enjoy playing card games. I used to play in tournaments and compete, but that was a long time ago. [SEP] I love card games also. [SEP] Nice, have you ever won any tournaments?	Nice, have you ever won any tournaments?	Yes I have won a few poker tournaments.
4	I cheated on my boyfriend once. [SEP] Did you tell him, or did he find out? [SEP] I told him and I felt horrible and terrible for my actions.	I told him and I felt horrible and terrible for my actions.	Awe, I am sorry. In those instances, nobody wins. I hope you guys came out of it stronger than before
8	I remember having sleepovers with my friends as a kid. [SEP] Oh me. too.. Whats the craziest thing you remember happening? [SEP] We took our friend's parent's car.  Those were such fun times!	We took our friend's parent's car.  Those were such fun times!	Thats funny.  I never did anything that daring!
4	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	I'm sorry to hear that. Why don't you join some groups so you can meet some new people. 
5	I pulled out of my driveway during a horrendous rain storm and accidently ran over my neighbors cat [SEP] Oh my gosh! It isn't your fault!!! [SEP] It was an accident but I feel so bad and hate to even admit I did it I just feel awful about it [SEP] I have ran over animals as well. It is an unfortunate reality. [SEP] Its horrible they are my neighbors and I know how much they love the cat, I am mortified, embarrassed and remorseful [SEP] Do they understand it was an accident? [SEP] They do but I still feel lower than dirt about it	They do but I still feel lower than dirt about it	It could be much worse. They could blame you and you would feel even worse. You should feel better with time.
6	My coworker always seems to due my job better than me. She's nothing special so I'm so upset about that.  [SEP] What kind of work do you do [SEP] We are both sales reps at a car dealer. 	We are both sales reps at a car dealer. 	Well I'm sure you've both got your own unique skills...what would you say are 3 things you do well?
2	im starting to make more and more money online, eventually i want to make this my full time job [SEP] That's awesome! I wish I could do that too [SEP] i have a job alread, but my backs in constant pain and its gone out 3 times over the years , i need a plan b or win the lottery 	i have a job alread, but my backs in constant pain and its gone out 3 times over the years , i need a plan b or win the lottery 	Oh that's awful. I hope your back can improve as well as your odds on the lottery.
6	They always neglt me [SEP] who does and that is mean of them. [SEP] They dont worth my time	They dont worth my time	Sure  your worth your time. do not be so down on yourself.
1	I went to the casino just to eat yesterday.	I went to the casino just to eat yesterday.	I love eating at casino's. They have some of the best food.
5	Yesterday I was so much irritated. I loudly screamed on my bother. [SEP] Oh no! What did he do? [SEP] My little brother always plays electric guitar. And that's too irritating.	My little brother always plays electric guitar. And that's too irritating.	Yes, little brothers can sometimes be irritating.  Maybe ask him next time to turn it down?
1	A bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, I was so scared [SEP] I'm glad it's over and nothing happened. do you have an underground shelter? [SEP] No, I live in an apartment	No, I live in an apartment	Oh, I would be scared too. apartments seem safe unless the roof gets ripped of of coarse.
7	I am so happy!  I won a medal this week.. gold!	I am so happy!  I won a medal this week.. gold!	Wow. My hearty congratulations to you!
7	I know that I will be the youngest billionaire ever. [SEP] You sound very confident! how will you make that happen? [SEP] I am starting a business.	I am starting a business.	great! I wish i could find a profitable business.  i don't like worker for other people.
0	I didn't get the job position I applied for and I really wanted it. [SEP] Sorry to hear that. Did you try to find similar job position on the job market? [SEP] I did but this was my dream job. It was pretty upsetting.	I did but this was my dream job. It was pretty upsetting.	I understand.
3	does it happen that somebody insult you in work	does it happen that somebody insult you in work	it doesnt happen often as i am a supervisor at work
2	The new school semester starts in a few days and I have all of my supplies ready! [SEP] That sounds great! Are you excited? [SEP] I'm very excited. This year is crucial for my degree's program and I want to make sure I raise my GPA.	I'm very excited. This year is crucial for my degree's program and I want to make sure I raise my GPA.	I hope you accomplish everything!
7	I recently got promoted at work.	I recently got promoted at work.	Congratulations! I bet you're happy.
6	I got lucky and passed my course this semester	I got lucky and passed my course this semester	Awesome! What are you studying?
7	i watched netflix for hours last night until i fell aslepp [SEP] That sounds like a fun night. [SEP] it was, very cozy and nice	it was, very cozy and nice	I am happy for you.
8	The new semester starts at the end of the month and I think I have bought all the supplies I need to be ready. [SEP] My kids just started back Thurs and my new semester starts then too. I definitely understand [SEP] Yea, it's a bit stressful to get ready, but it goes smoothly once it begins I think.	Yea, it's a bit stressful to get ready, but it goes smoothly once it begins I think.	I'm sure it'll go fine. Usually the jitters are worse than it actually is
5	My current employer is having big financials problem. I am afraid that the company will go into bankruptcy.	My current employer is having big financials problem. I am afraid that the company will go into bankruptcy.	That sounds really frustrating to deal with. You sound like you're self-aware and anticipating the problem, though. Perhaps you've already started preparing to look elsewhere?
0	I love the new apartment I moved into, but the only down side is I can hear traffic all night long. It's so annoying! [SEP] I remember my first city apartment, the lights and sirens. It can be difficult. [SEP] Yeah, right? It seems like they never stop, and not to mention the people who feel the need to make their cars as loud as possible.	Yeah, right? It seems like they never stop, and not to mention the people who feel the need to make their cars as loud as possible.	I don't think they know about mufflers! You should try white noise and black out curtains.
7	Got my reiki master class done with two years ago and finally got my massage table but now I'm anxious about finding my first customer.. [SEP] I can imagine. Just be cool and do as you have been taught! [SEP] Yes that's pretty much the same thing my teacher told me. She said you can't mess up reiki.	Yes that's pretty much the same thing my teacher told me. She said you can't mess up reiki.	Yes just have faith in yourself and your abilities! 
4	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I am still not over it	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I am still not over it	I am so very sorry for your loss.  I lost my mom last year.
4	I lived with this girl once and I trusted her. Found out I never should have.	I lived with this girl once and I trusted her. Found out I never should have.	Oh, sorry to hear that man. Yeah girls are hard to trust these days. What's up with that?
8	So my kids are on my nerves so much today. They are not behaving at all, and are making it impossible for me to get any work done. [SEP] That sucks.  [SEP] Yes, it does. They are bored, I'm sure. But I can't take them anywhere until later.	Yes, it does. They are bored, I'm sure. But I can't take them anywhere until later.	My kids are taking a nap now. The run this house lol
6	A homeless woman asked me for money for food and I said no.	A homeless woman asked me for money for food and I said no.	Oh, how come?
4	My neighbor died in a car crash."	My neighbor died in a car crash."	Oh my.  I'm so sorry to hear that.  What happened?
5	My dog ran away yesterday. I was so ticked off! [SEP] Ah that's so terrible. Did you find him? [SEP] Nope! Not yet. He does this like every week and comes back the day after. It's really starting to get old.	Nope! Not yet. He does this like every week and comes back the day after. It's really starting to get old.	i think it becomes a practice for him!!
6	I had a nice night in and just relaxed, im happy i did it.	I had a nice night in and just relaxed, im happy i did it.	Did you watch TV?
6	On the road that's the only access to our neighborhood there was a dead animal that the city was notified of.	On the road that's the only access to our neighborhood there was a dead animal that the city was notified of.	Oh gross, what kind of animal was it?
1	So last night I heard a window break in my house. So i jumped up and grabbed my gun to go check it out [SEP] Oh man, I hope everything is ok , and it was something mildly annoying like a tree limb. [SEP] Well i snuck through my house and come to find out my dog had knocked a glass of the counter somehow	Well i snuck through my house and come to find out my dog had knocked a glass of the counter somehow	My dog would of looked around like, wasn't me daddy, i cross my paws.
2	My daily life consists of getting up, going to work or going to college. I miss being young and spending my day playing videogames and playing outside [SEP] Those times seemed much simpler didn't they? Do you ever break out of the routine? [SEP] If im not studying or working I usually go out for a run, practice piano or do surveys online to make some extra cash [SEP] I see. How do you like playing the piano? [SEP] Its hard at first, but with practice comes perfection.	Its hard at first, but with practice comes perfection.	That's the spirit. I bet you're a wonderful pianist.
7	We are really wanting to buy a new house. We are hoping it will happen in the next year.	We are really wanting to buy a new house. We are hoping it will happen in the next year.	good luck! need something bigger?
0	I just finished moving and got charged double what I was quoted by the moving company! [SEP] That is not cool. I sure hope they fix their mess up quick! [SEP] They said the extra fees are for unexpected situations beyond their control... They will be getting a bad rating	They said the extra fees are for unexpected situations beyond their control... They will be getting a bad rating	I would definitely give them a bad review and try to speak to someone higher up.
1	this summer i have had the pleasure of being able to have my daughter stay with me, who usually lives in another city!	this summer i have had the pleasure of being able to have my daughter stay with me, who usually lives in another city!	That sounds great!  You must have felt really happy!
3	I am totally lost. I had been from my job of 4 years. I have not much savings and don't know what to do now	I am totally lost. I had been from my job of 4 years. I have not much savings and don't know what to do now	Ouch!  That is not good!  Think of the bright side though.  Better opportunities may present themselves to you!
4	It was very random when it happen, but my grand ma passed away and it was sad. I did not expect it [SEP] Death can happen in an INSTANT! I have been there the past year. I am sorry! [SEP] Yeah I have experience a lot of that recently	Yeah I have experience a lot of that recently	Me too! So sorry! Life doesn't get any easier. It's just about trying to enjoy every day
8	I got gas tonight because I didn't want to run out in the morning before work. I'm usually rushing around so it'll be nice not to have that worry tomorrow.	I got gas tonight because I didn't want to run out in the morning before work. I'm usually rushing around so it'll be nice not to have that worry tomorrow.	My girlfriend always likes to wait until the needle is past empty. I never let it get past half-way empty. I don't get how she deals with that stress in her life! And to me, it makes no sense. But I guess she hates spending the money on it, so she waits.
1	Do you have any kids? [SEP] Yes I have 3 children [SEP] I do too. My son is super shy and has had a crush on this girl for such a long time. It sounds silly but one of my best mommy moments was when he asked her out	I do too. My son is super shy and has had a crush on this girl for such a long time. It sounds silly but one of my best mommy moments was when he asked her out	That is so cute! That must make you proud
7	my mom gave me some earrings when i got married, they have been in our family for a long time. i was surprised that she trusted me with them.  [SEP] That's a nice gesture of her. It's nice that she trusts you like that. [SEP] i know, i couldn't believe it myself. i thought she would've given them to my sister. 	i know, i couldn't believe it myself. i thought she would've given them to my sister. 	Well obviously you're the more deserving one.
2	I'm finally meeting my online girlfriend in person next weekend. [SEP] How do you feel? [SEP] I'm totally excited!	I'm totally excited!	That's great! Hopefully, the meeting goes well.
7	I am looking forward to my new job. [SEP] Congratulations, is in an area that you are interested in? [SEP] Yes, custodial services.  I can't wait to start!	Yes, custodial services.  I can't wait to start!	Awesome, I'm happy for you, good luck!
4	My and John broke up a few weeks back and he moved out now it is hard to stay in my apartment.	My and John broke up a few weeks back and he moved out now it is hard to stay in my apartment.	sorry to here that, it must be tough for you at this moment
6	seeing your love one dying frightened me. I cant control myself to think about it.	seeing your love one dying frightened me. I cant control myself to think about it.	What even made you think about that?
0	Have you ever watched the Bachelor? [SEP] No, I haven't. I've heard of it, though. What is it about? [SEP] It's a dating reality TV show on ABC. Anyways, I was watching a couple of weeks ago and managed to eat an entire box of cookies!	It's a dating reality TV show on ABC. Anyways, I was watching a couple of weeks ago and managed to eat an entire box of cookies!	Oh my goodness! That happens to me often. I just get distracted with whatever is playing in front of me and eat everything in my hands!
2	Seeing my garage burn was insane.	Seeing my garage burn was insane.	Oh no that is terrible! I hope you and your family evacuated safely.
1	I applied for an internship with a law office	I applied for an internship with a law office	Very nice! I bet your more than excited about it!
4	I had an okay job, not a great job but it paid well, working as a commercial truck and trailer repair technician. After a few weeks on the job I fell into a deep depression after getting injured at work. [SEP] oh I am so sorry, I am assuming the injury was serious? [SEP] No, it was minor. I had a previous injury to my arm, not sure what is messed up in it really... Doctor said it was just a sprained wrist but it was obivously more serious, the doctor didn't really care.	No, it was minor. I had a previous injury to my arm, not sure what is messed up in it really... Doctor said it was just a sprained wrist but it was obivously more serious, the doctor didn't really care.	oh man I hope you got a second opinion? I would be so worried about your injury. I am so sorry.
0	I get anxious whenever I'm at the airport and I'm waiting in the security line and the plane is about to board. [SEP] i do too, flying is kinda nervewracking  [SEP] I agree, seems like you have to plan to be there hours before it takes off.	I agree, seems like you have to plan to be there hours before it takes off.	oh yes definitely
8	I was heartbroken when my grandma passed away, I was not equipped to handle that [SEP] I don't take death well either! [SEP] I guess nobody does, but that is how it goes unfortunately	I guess nobody does, but that is how it goes unfortunately	Some act like it never happened. A lot of apathy going around. You'll see her again someday!
2	I wake up to a dead cell phone every single morning. [SEP] Oh that's the worst, I try to remember to charge but it's hard to remember every time. [SEP] I charge it every night. My son steals it to watch youtube videos and falls asleep with it on.	I charge it every night. My son steals it to watch youtube videos and falls asleep with it on.	So he's the culprit! He better start charging it or else it's revoked !
5	I cant wait to go on my end of summer trip in texas. [SEP] Sounds like fun. What you got planned ? [SEP] not really sure but im excited to just be invited	not really sure but im excited to just be invited	Got any family out there? Cousins perhaps
8	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	Oh no, people are so reckless.
5	I am in a long disance relationship [SEP] That must be hard sometimes, but I guess also has its advantages.  [SEP] I am not interested in anyone else and I am busy with my kids but I miss him	I am not interested in anyone else and I am busy with my kids but I miss him	I bet. Maybe he will move closer to you soon. 
6	Being a chargers fan is tough, finally some national recognition 	Being a chargers fan is tough, finally some national recognition 	Ha, you'll have to enlighten me as I don't know much about the Chargers. Are they usually not a good team or what?
0	Maroon 5 songs remind me of my high school dances and hot girls I was too chicken too talk to at the time hahaha [SEP] Well dang man. It's never too late! Just hit her up on the ole Facebook! [SEP] You're absolutely right...but these days it's not such a problem haha	You're absolutely right...but these days it's not such a problem haha	I am sure you two will be having babies in no time if you hit her up right this instant!
2	I'm working so hard to see if I make the police academy. [SEP] wow that's so motivating to hear, what inspires you to become a police officer [SEP] I just want to do some good in this world, lock up some bad guys you know?	I just want to do some good in this world, lock up some bad guys you know?	yeah, i hope you be one of the good cops, not like the current ones
1	Nothing scares me more than a snake. [SEP] I do hate those too [SEP] I live in FL so I see them often and I get totally freaked out.	I live in FL so I see them often and I get totally freaked out.	I would not like that at all
8	I planned a vacation with a friend who got severely sick right beforehand so I had to go without her. Its been fun so far but quiet and there's no one to have fun with. [SEP] That sucks but, i'm glad you're enjoying your self still. [SEP] yeah, guess I'm getting to relax more and I did decide to go out tomorrow night to meet some people. We'll see how it goes.	yeah, guess I'm getting to relax more and I did decide to go out tomorrow night to meet some people. We'll see how it goes.	I think thats a good idea. Look at it as an opportunity to make new friends.
8	I am so happy it is almost August.	I am so happy it is almost August.	Me too but it is still one more month of heat coming but it also means September is on the way.
3	I brought my lunch to work the other day and put it in the fridge like I always do. Guess what one of my dumb coworkers did. [SEP] Probably ate it or threw it away! [SEP] Someone ate part of my lunch. Can you believe that? It made me so mad!	Someone ate part of my lunch. Can you believe that? It made me so mad!	Yeah I can!! You ought to put some laxatives in it for next time and see how much they like it then!
7	I cannot wait for the new super smash bros for the nintendo switch, I hope it is really good! [SEP] I hear great reviews, people who have played it are raving about it [SEP] I have heard that too, I just wanna get my hands on it	I have heard that too, I just wanna get my hands on it	I wish you get it as soon as possible buddy
5	I had to cancel on my friend tonight. I felt bad when I did too [SEP] That happens sometimes. Sometimes life just gets in the way. Heck, sometimes you just decide you can't physically do a night out, and that's okay, too. I'm sure they'd understand no matter what. Maybe you can make it up to them somehow. [SEP] I hope I can too	I hope I can too	Maybe take a few days to think it over, and then when the weekend comes, think of a way to surprise them in order to make it up to them. Or if nothing else, just be as honest as possible and not try to cover anything up when you need to bail on them. They'll appreciate that the most.
0	My house is in closing right now, should be a few more weeks but it feels like forever. I cant wait. 	My house is in closing right now, should be a few more weeks but it feels like forever. I cant wait. 	i know how that feels
4	Can't believe my friend made the team and I did not. [SEP] That sucks. What type of team? [SEP] Hockey team, I did my best and it wasn't enough.	Hockey team, I did my best and it wasn't enough.	I'm sorry.
8	I was scared when we had a tornado warning. I thought it was coming straight for us [SEP] Oh wow.  Have you ever been in a torando? [SEP] I have, they are not fun	I have, they are not fun	People tend to say that...which makes me more curious and wanting to be in one haha
7	I found $50 in my desk drawer at work. [SEP] I bet you were really excited. [SEP] I was very happy.  Its like money from god. I didn't even know I had it.	I was very happy.  Its like money from god. I didn't even know I had it.	Yeah, found money is always the best money.
0	I recently found out my wife is pregnant. [SEP] Congratulations. We have a boy on the way. 3 months to go! [SEP] I was so shocked by the news.  Thank you!	I was so shocked by the news.  Thank you!	I remember my surprise too. She tricked me all day and said she wasn't pregnant.
5	I recently got a promotion. It's quite a big step up from my current role, so I'm very nervous that I won't do well in it.  [SEP] That is great news. I think you just might be nervous. They wouldn't have promoted you if you couldn't do it. [SEP] I hope so, everyone tells me I'll do great, but I still have some reservations about it. It's way different than what I do now. I've not been sleeping well. 	I hope so, everyone tells me I'll do great, but I still have some reservations about it. It's way different than what I do now. I've not been sleeping well. 	Well usually when you think the worst it turns out to be okay. I think you should try and relax.
7	I have had so much to get together for my grad school application. [SEP] What school are you applying to? [SEP] I am applying to NYU.	I am applying to NYU.	That is a tough school to get into. Best of luck.
5	Every year I'm so excited about Christmas and have all these plans. [SEP] Me too, how does Christmas in July work? [SEP] I've seen that also, but I'm not sure.  I'm just talking regular Christmas in December LOL!  But it always seems that time slips away from me and all the traditions I want to do with my kids don't get completed.	I've seen that also, but I'm not sure.  I'm just talking regular Christmas in December LOL!  But it always seems that time slips away from me and all the traditions I want to do with my kids don't get completed.	Maybe keep it simple, and do different things each year. Last year we went on vacation.
7	This was the first birthday this year I had without my grandma. [SEP] Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that, were you close? [SEP] Yes. She called me every year at midnight on my birthday.	Yes. She called me every year at midnight on my birthday.	Oh that's so sweet, I wish I kept in touch with my family too
7	I think I have some pretty decent kids. May be too soon to tell though. [SEP] Oh, all kids are a little iffy, I think. Are you a teacher or do you mean your own children? [SEP] My oldest is 13. She is the worst. But my 2 and 3 year old are perfect lol [SEP] Teenagers are awful! I am really looking forward to my daughter becoming a teenager....not. [SEP] lol. she is upset about everything all of time. I couldnt have been that way lol [SEP] My mom put "the curse" on me. She said she hopes my daughter acted 10 times worse than I did. If that's the case, I need to start saving for boarding school, because I was awful! [SEP] That's hilarious. Maybe II was terrible too then.	That's hilarious. Maybe II was terrible too then.	Good luck!
2	I'm finally able to afford decent health insurance for once in my life. Not only does it feel good to know I'm covered for some unexpected bad stuff, but I can actually go to the dentist and optometrist and keep up with my teeth/eye health for once.	I'm finally able to afford decent health insurance for once in my life. Not only does it feel good to know I'm covered for some unexpected bad stuff, but I can actually go to the dentist and optometrist and keep up with my teeth/eye health for once.	Glad to hear it! Health is such an important thing, and the more you look after your body, the better it will treat you. 
0	The street I was on had the buildings right next to the sidewalk and the cat has fallen out of it's window. [SEP] Oh no, your cat fell out of the window?  Is it ok? [SEP] It wasn't mine. I had no idea who's it was. It wasn't hurt though, it sprinted away as soon as it landed.	It wasn't mine. I had no idea who's it was. It wasn't hurt though, it sprinted away as soon as it landed.	I guess what they say is true - cats do have nine lives.
5	i cleaned my parents attic and found all my old kids toys!	i cleaned my parents attic and found all my old kids toys!	Nice! That must be so much fun to see all that stuff again. Maybe they are collectors items now.
3	I lost my swim bottoms going down the slide at the water park.	I lost my swim bottoms going down the slide at the water park.	Haha.. I feel like that's almost a rite of passage when going to water parks. I've had that happen, too. Hopefully it wasn't too traumatic for you. I almost lost my glasses once, too! Now that was really scary
4	I just broke up with my boyfriend of 8 years. I am beyond distraught. [SEP] I bet. You guys were together for so long. Is this for the best? [SEP] I hope so. I wish he would have broken up with me sooner. 	I hope so. I wish he would have broken up with me sooner. 	Well I am sorry to hear that. If you need anyone to talk to let me know.
2	I was happy when my brother graduated college. He worked hard for it [SEP] That's great to hear! What was his major?  [SEP] It was in english	It was in english	Awesome. I hope he has a successful career because of it. 
1	Do you like to drink the coffee drinks?	Do you like to drink the coffee drinks?	I love coffee, actually. I drink a few cups every morning!
8	There was an important meeting today at work and on the way there my tire popped and by the time I got there, it was over [SEP] Sorry to hear that. That is bad. What your manager did say about it? [SEP] I made sure to let them know as soon as it happened and send them a picture.... they were a little upset i missed it but understood	I made sure to let them know as soon as it happened and send them a picture.... they were a little upset i missed it but understood	That is ok if they understood the situation. It will be fine.
2	I always feel happy sharing lunch with somebody special [SEP] I agree, its one of best smallest things in life that make it worth it [SEP] Yes, that is way I always try to do it	Yes, that is way I always try to do it	Yup, I make it a point to have dinner with a friend every now and then
2	I signed up to do a lot of food for a family reunion next weekend. I have to start getting supplies now for sure!	I signed up to do a lot of food for a family reunion next weekend. I have to start getting supplies now for sure!	That is a lot of work! But I bet the reunion will be fun. 
7	Feeling positive about this week.  [SEP] I'm glad!  Anything good happening? [SEP] Well sure! I am alive, I have some of my health. A new baby puppy, money etc etc! Good food. Lots of positives :) Also Hoping my partner grows by leaps and bounds after a month in therapy.	Well sure! I am alive, I have some of my health. A new baby puppy, money etc etc! Good food. Lots of positives :) Also Hoping my partner grows by leaps and bounds after a month in therapy.	Lots of positives!  I'm sending good vibes your way!
8	I used to scare girls away by being overly enthusiastic. it's funny how now that I'm a more apathetic person girls find me attractive. Human beings are weird [SEP] Lol , I think my son has done that , he use to embrasse me when I would go to the store when he was little by crying a lot  [SEP] Interesting...so as a mother do you get embarrassed if your son is too clingy in public?	Interesting...so as a mother do you get embarrassed if your son is too clingy in public?	No any more he is a lot older and does pretty good on his own , but the thing is he is always close by if we in the store together .Yes I do believe that the human are weird 
4	I don't like my new neighbors that live behind me [SEP] Oh, that makes life hard.  Did they do something to you? [SEP] No, they just get on my nerves.  I try to walk my dog and they just party all the time.	No, they just get on my nerves.  I try to walk my dog and they just party all the time.	So sorry to hear that. Maybe they will move soon.
5	i was upset when i saw someone had dented my car door [SEP] That would make me mad. Did you know who did it? [SEP] no i was at the store for a few hours so i wasnt able to catch the person	no i was at the store for a few hours so i wasnt able to catch the person	That's too bad. Maybe they could check security cameras for you.
4	I think the most upset that I've ever been before was when my rabbit died a while back.	I think the most upset that I've ever been before was when my rabbit died a while back.	Oh I'm so sorry to hear that. How long did you have your rabbit for?
5	I feel bad that my friend is in a relationship and I secretly hope it doesn't go well.	I feel bad that my friend is in a relationship and I secretly hope it doesn't go well.	Oh, well that doesn't sound good. But, maybe you have good reasons?
3	I'm going off to college soon and I'll be leaving the small town that I grew up in. It's a pretty tough thing to do, I really love this place and have a strong attachment to it. [SEP] Understandably so. You must be pretty anxious over the whole ordeal. [SEP] A little bit, but mostly excited. I do plan, if at all possible, to move back here or at least close enough to visit often. It's hard to let go for sure.	A little bit, but mostly excited. I do plan, if at all possible, to move back here or at least close enough to visit often. It's hard to let go for sure.	That's a great idea. No need to let go of the place you call home completely. I hope everything works in your best interests!
2	i cant wait until next week [SEP] Why is that? [SEP] the kids go back to school	the kids go back to school	Lol! Ah- Well cherish them while you can in the summers even though it can be tiring :)
5	I had three interviews in the past month for a job. Unfortunately, none has called me back. Very disappointed in myself for being so clumsy and incapable [SEP] Keep trying, never give up. [SEP] I don't know. I am trying to cope with these challenges. I am not sure how far i can go on like this	I don't know. I am trying to cope with these challenges. I am not sure how far i can go on like this	Maybe you should go to a temp agency.
8	My cat came into my life just as my dog was declining in health [SEP] That sounds very fortunate. Good timing. [SEP] Yea. He is an absolute life saver. I would mourned for a lot longer without him.	Yea. He is an absolute life saver. I would mourned for a lot longer without him.	Pets are amazing in that way. Glad he was there for you when you needed it.
7	I asked my friend to get some stuff for a party, I knew I could count on him though. [SEP] It's great to be able to have that trust and bond. Did everything go well? [SEP] Yeah the birthday party went really well, glad to have him as a friend.	Yeah the birthday party went really well, glad to have him as a friend.	That's good to hear, all well that ends well.
4	what an odd memory to crop up. my dog jetted outside anytime he could and one night managed to get out and the car that hit him had no time to stop.. dark and right in front of our house.  [SEP] Oh no, that's awful!  What happened to your dog? [SEP] years ago I think I was in middle school at the time, he'd gotten out and met his fate when a car couldn't stop in time. It's an odd memory to pop up. maybe because i've just seen a bunch of pet posts from my friends on fb. 	years ago I think I was in middle school at the time, he'd gotten out and met his fate when a car couldn't stop in time. It's an odd memory to pop up. maybe because i've just seen a bunch of pet posts from my friends on fb. 	Sorry to hear that.  That must have been tough at that age.
1	The new Call of duty is going to be the bomb [SEP] Nice. Did you pre-order? [SEP] Sure did. I'm playing on release day and gonna kill it!	Sure did. I'm playing on release day and gonna kill it!	Sounds like it's gonna be a lot of fun.
8	I wish they would bring back VCRs. [SEP] I know. Those were the days.  [SEP] I like the fact you ha to rewind after viewing.	I like the fact you ha to rewind after viewing.	I liked going to Blockbuster picking out movies.
8	My closest friend is moving away to another state. I am very sad and think i am going to miss him a lot	My closest friend is moving away to another state. I am very sad and think i am going to miss him a lot	You can at least phone them.
0	I've been going through old photos and trying to figure out how to store them, but then I just spend half the time crying. [SEP] brought back good memories? [SEP] Yes, tons of photos of my girls when they were babies.  I cannot believe they are 16 and 18 now.	Yes, tons of photos of my girls when they were babies.  I cannot believe they are 16 and 18 now.	they grow up so fast.
2	My manager have me new challenges to achieve. I am sure that I will succeed. [SEP] Sounds like you will! You sound confident in yourself, and I'm sure your manager is, or he wouldn't have trusted you to do it. [SEP] I am happy with that. It will help me grow in the organisation.	I am happy with that. It will help me grow in the organisation.	Definitely. Hopefully lead to a promotion for you soon!
3	I felt very bad about myself when i forgot my partner birthday this year. She was very disappointed in me for being careless [SEP] Did you apologize, and do something nice to make up for it? [SEP] I bought her an expensive diamond ring just to make up for my silly mistake	I bought her an expensive diamond ring just to make up for my silly mistake	Wow!  Well, everyone makes mistakes, and if you apologized and bought her a ring, that should about cover it, lol.
4	I wanted to buy the Nintendo Switch from the store but they were sold out.	I wanted to buy the Nintendo Switch from the store but they were sold out.	sorry about that, did you try checking on another store?
3	So I just got a check from a family member who just passed. For 100,000 dollars [SEP] Wow, that is a big inheritance. What do you plan to do with it? [SEP] Payoff my credit cards, invest some of it. I don't know how taxes work on this stuff so I don't want to spend too much	Payoff my credit cards, invest some of it. I don't know how taxes work on this stuff so I don't want to spend too much	Yeah, it's better to make some good choices with that amount of money.
1	Hello, I just woke up to some nice sunlight!	Hello, I just woke up to some nice sunlight!	Great, it hasn't got here yet.
2	When we moved, my grandfather gave me a lamp as a gift.  He attached a cut out of a spider to the inside of the shade. [SEP] Haha! That definitely must have scared many people that did not know what it was. That must be hilarious to watch! [SEP] I screamed bloody murder when I saw it lol	I screamed bloody murder when I saw it lol	hahaha I can imagine! I guess I would have done the same. I hope you got him back. Heehee
7	I have recently started a business with my spouse. We knew it was going to work out! [SEP] wow. Am happy for you, just commit to it and it will thrive [SEP] Definitely, barely started on it but it's already going better than expected.	Definitely, barely started on it but it's already going better than expected.	all the best
7	i went to disney world with my family last week which was nice.	i went to disney world with my family last week which was nice.	I am so happy for you!
1	My grandma went out of her way to print out and send me some old pics.	My grandma went out of her way to print out and send me some old pics.	That's sweet of her! You should put them all together in a nice photo album.
0	When I lay in bed with my kitties at night. All of my problems fall away. [SEP] That is so sweet. I love cats, but I'm allergic to them so we can't have any. It makes me sad. [SEP] That's really sad. I'm allergic to them if they aren't brushed or if they don't clean themselves. It's an awful feeling.	That's really sad. I'm allergic to them if they aren't brushed or if they don't clean themselves. It's an awful feeling.	I'm glad they help you forget about all your cares though. You are lucky to have them
1	I went to visit my family for four weeks. Now that I am back home, I feel lonely.	I went to visit my family for four weeks. Now that I am back home, I feel lonely.	I would imagine so.  It is difficult to be away from family for long.
7	I can't believe I got accepted to school	I can't believe I got accepted to school	Congratulations
3	I ran over a skunk yesterday. The smell was horrendous. [SEP] I bet! You may have to wash your car to get that smell out! [SEP] I am taking it to the wash tomorrow! Dang skunks need to stay in the jungle.	I am taking it to the wash tomorrow! Dang skunks need to stay in the jungle.	lol. Hopefully that will be the last one you run over.
6	Pisses me off when someone interrupts me in the middle of a sentence. Throws off my whole train of thought then I forget what I was gonna say	Pisses me off when someone interrupts me in the middle of a sentence. Throws off my whole train of thought then I forget what I was gonna say	Did this happen recently?
7	I'm turning 21 in three days!	I'm turning 21 in three days!	Wow that is awesome! Congratulations. I am already 31 
2	In three more days I finally get to go on vacation. I can't wait. [SEP] dude that is freakin awesome , im sure you earned it  [SEP] Yeah, we are hitting the beach. I've been waiting so long.	Yeah, we are hitting the beach. I've been waiting so long.	i hope you have a lot of fun , i cant wait to go on my vacation as well 
3	I'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. When I was younger, everything was at least $10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	I'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. When I was younger, everything was at least $10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	yea, this is a much better time for content
1	I get sentimental about my brothers, they are very important to me [SEP] That is very sweet. I assume you guys are close. [SEP] Very much, we do everything together pretty much	Very much, we do everything together pretty much	That is great that you have that kind of relationship.
6	I lost one hundred dollars today	I lost one hundred dollars today	Oh no, that's awful! How did it happen?
4	Hi, I had a car crash today.. [SEP] Oh gosh! Are you alright?  [SEP] Yes, but my car is messed up now. :(	Yes, but my car is messed up now. :(	Oh man! I'm so sorry to hear that. 
0	My daughter is very good at swimming and I had no idea she can swim leave alone compete	My daughter is very good at swimming and I had no idea she can swim leave alone compete	Swimming is really fun and besides it, it is very healthy as it involves all muscles of the body to be engaged in movement
7	I have been practicing driving all week for my driver exam. I think I am ready!	I have been practicing driving all week for my driver exam. I think I am ready!	I'm sure you will ace it! what kind of car are you taking the exam in.
5	I was envious when a coworker got a promotion over me. I really wanted it	I was envious when a coworker got a promotion over me. I really wanted it	That sucks. Maybe there's a next time?
8	I went to the movies last night and made a fool of myself. [SEP] What happened? [SEP] I tripped over one of the seats and ended up spilling my drink all over some young boy.	I tripped over one of the seats and ended up spilling my drink all over some young boy.	oh no :( It happens though, it wasn't your fault!
6	i love calisthenics , recently i moved up my push ups to a total of 1000 and astonished at what the body is capable  	i love calisthenics , recently i moved up my push ups to a total of 1000 and astonished at what the body is capable  	Wow, that is awesome! How long does that take?
7	I bought 5 lottery tickets today. I am positive for the future because I think I will win	I bought 5 lottery tickets today. I am positive for the future because I think I will win	Best of luck! Have you won in the past?
7	So man i had my friend john come back to town. He's looking for a house and last i check he didn't have a job. but apparently he got a job and runs a business now. [SEP] Oh wow, he must be proud of himself! [SEP] I am really surprised but overall impressed really.	I am really surprised but overall impressed really.	That is some feat, I wish I could do that!
1	Last week there was one day when I left home late to go to work. I was so worried on the entire trip that I would get to work late! [SEP] Did you manage to make it on time? [SEP] Yes with just seconds to spare!	Yes with just seconds to spare!	Good job! It must have been stressful.
8	My favorite store is going through some tough times. They're trying to find another distributor so they don't have to raise prices and lose their customers. [SEP] That sucks. What store is it? [SEP] It's a Asian store that carries ingredients I can't find anywhere else unless I order online.	It's a Asian store that carries ingredients I can't find anywhere else unless I order online.	We have a lot of those where I live.
6	Man I was really craving krystals after moving. 	Man I was really craving krystals after moving. 	The hamburger? Those can be tasty.
1	 It was a hard weekend! [SEP] Why? What happened? Is everything okay? [SEP] Oh yes, I am alive still. Somewhat lol.  I had lots of bouts of loneliness that punched me in the gut. You know that feeling? I hate it!	Oh yes, I am alive still. Somewhat lol.  I had lots of bouts of loneliness that punched me in the gut. You know that feeling? I hate it!	Yes, loneliness can be quite sad.
7	I took credit for some work that wasn't mine. My coworker has not found out yet. [SEP] oh no... will you tell them?  [SEP] I don't know.  I feel really bad.  Should I fess up?	I don't know.  I feel really bad.  Should I fess up?	i think so its for the best 
5	 I haven't been able to find my phone charger in 2 days.... grrrrr!	 I haven't been able to find my phone charger in 2 days.... grrrrr!	Well, I think you should get a new one 
8	I think the most upset that I've ever been before was when my rabbit died a while back. [SEP] Oh I'm so sorry to hear that. How long did you have your rabbit for? [SEP] A few years. We were pretty close.	A few years. We were pretty close.	I could imagine. I don't have any pets. But I understand it can be really devastating.
5	my wife and my baby are going overseas for a month and i will be so lonely without them. i couldn;t go with them	my wife and my baby are going overseas for a month and i will be so lonely without them. i couldn;t go with them	That could be so hard on you
5	I've been taking care of my aging mom for 5 years now and don't really have any friends, since so much time is used taking care of her.	I've been taking care of my aging mom for 5 years now and don't really have any friends, since so much time is used taking care of her.	That is a nice thing you are doing for her though. Maybe you could hire somebody for a few hours a week and join a gym or yoga class. 
6	I went on a job interview friday, and I think it went well.	I went on a job interview friday, and I think it went well.	oh cool.. Is it in the field you like?
5	It took me 5 hours to bake this cake for my daughter, and now it's missing. [SEP] hrmm, did it grow legs and walk away? [SEP] I hope not.	I hope not.	you probably need to think about setting up a search crew
4	My moms friend had a son that passed away the other day from Cystic Fibrosis. The last time I saw the friend was when she was pregnant with this child (her only child), but my mom felt we needed to appear at the viewing anyway because of the bond they did have 16 years ago (when he was born).	My moms friend had a son that passed away the other day from Cystic Fibrosis. The last time I saw the friend was when she was pregnant with this child (her only child), but my mom felt we needed to appear at the viewing anyway because of the bond they did have 16 years ago (when he was born).	I am so sorry to hear that.
1	I wrecked havoc in my house in a drunken rage last night	I wrecked havoc in my house in a drunken rage last night	Oh that dont sound really good
1	I want to get a dog, but my cat would hate that	I want to get a dog, but my cat would hate that	Ah, new version of Tom and Jerry. You would  be thinking whether to get or not!!
4	I was heartbroken when my grandma passed away, I was not equipped to handle that [SEP] How'd she pass away? [SEP] From cancer, it is very common in my area	From cancer, it is very common in my area	Sorry to hear that
3	I feel pretty bad about some things I have done. [SEP] Really? What sort of things have you done that make you feel that way? [SEP] I drank a bit too much the other night and accidentally destroyed some things.	I drank a bit too much the other night and accidentally destroyed some things.	That sucks, hopefully nothing you can't replace. I'd suggest getting some help if your drinking has become distructive.
6	I have my soccer game tomorrow and I am so pumped that I can't sleep.	I have my soccer game tomorrow and I am so pumped that I can't sleep.	Oh cool!  Do you play in the game or get to be the cooler part of the team, the waterboy?
4	When my father died, so many people helped us and lended us support.	When my father died, so many people helped us and lended us support.	I'm so sorry to hear about your father. That's so awesome to hear about the support you received, though!
3	I am so annoyed with my brother...ugh sometimes I wish I was an only child. [SEP] I would think that being an only child would be somewhat boring and lonely.   HOw bad can it be with your brother? [SEP] He borrowed my lucky pencil when he knew I had an important test today. And he knows I can't function without my lucky pencil during a test! :( 	He borrowed my lucky pencil when he knew I had an important test today. And he knows I can't function without my lucky pencil during a test! :( 	That's not cool!  I hope you did well in spite of not having your lucky pencil.  Siblings can be quite pesky at times!
3	I have my final math test tomorrow. I've never been so nervous!	I have my final math test tomorrow. I've never been so nervous!	Oh yeah, I can relate.  I always get uneasy before a big test.  And I always end up cramming and studying the last minute.
1	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	That sounds terrible
0	I divorced my wife, I have no one to be with now. [SEP] Why did you guys get divorced? [SEP] I just couldn't stand her stealing all my money.	I just couldn't stand her stealing all my money.	Well, then it seems like it was a good choice.  Next time around you will know more what to look for before getting married.  I hope you find someone that matches up better with you.
6	My son got in big trouble at school.  He was very mean to his best friend, and I had to call his mom and explain what had happened. [SEP] That's terrible when friends fight. What was it over? [SEP] He wasn't even upset with his friend, he was upset with someone else.  I felt so bad having to explain it to his friends mom.	He wasn't even upset with his friend, he was upset with someone else.  I felt so bad having to explain it to his friends mom.	That's got to be a tough phone call to make. Did you two make amends or is she very upset?
0	Recently my dog got out of the yard and ran to the neighbors and ran all around their house upsetting their dogs! It was quite annoying but eventually he came to me after I called to him for a bit.	Recently my dog got out of the yard and ran to the neighbors and ran all around their house upsetting their dogs! It was quite annoying but eventually he came to me after I called to him for a bit.	Oh man, I hate it when my dog starts barking at the neighbor dogs too. I'd be so mad at him for getting out though.
0	I got the news that my girlfriend's mom passed away. I have to tell her the news myself since she has no other close family. I'm dreading having to actually say it to her.	I got the news that my girlfriend's mom passed away. I have to tell her the news myself since she has no other close family. I'm dreading having to actually say it to her.	first of all my condolences for your friend, and i know how hard this is for you both
7	There is no better feeling than being greeted at the door by your dog [SEP] Thats always a good feeling. I bet you are excited to come home everyday. [SEP] You bet. As soon as she hears the door horn when I lock my car, I can hear her barking from inside	You bet. As soon as she hears the door horn when I lock my car, I can hear her barking from inside	What a good dog and full of joy!
4	One night my cats were chasing a fly in the house. All of a sudden, one of them started acting weird and then he died. He was only a kitten. I was so upset.	One night my cats were chasing a fly in the house. All of a sudden, one of them started acting weird and then he died. He was only a kitten. I was so upset.	That is horrible, I am so sorry, It is hard losing a baby animal, you are not expecting them to pass, like when you have an older sickly one
3	I asked my son to clean the kitchen. He left dirty dishes in the sink and garbage on the counter. [SEP] Oh thats not good..sometimes teenagers can be alittle messy [SEP] He's 10 but definitely messy. We are working on it though.	He's 10 but definitely messy. We are working on it though.	Well I am sure he will get better with age
3	My dog passed away a few weeks ago. She was 12. I really miss her. [SEP] Oh wow!  My dog passed away recently too so I can relate to your pain.  I am so sorry for your loss [SEP] Thanks, and to you too. They really are our best friends. 	Thanks, and to you too. They really are our best friends. 	Most definetly she was my constant companion.  It will hopefully get easier for us each day
2	I just had a brand new coworker start at my job. I've loved helping him learn the ropes! [SEP] Cool. Most people dont like training. [SEP] Yeah I find it interesting to get to meet somebody new. Although it does get tiring too.	Yeah I find it interesting to get to meet somebody new. Although it does get tiring too.	I bet he appreciates you being nice though.
3	I've been feeling so down, I miss my family. I think it's time to go visit.	I've been feeling so down, I miss my family. I think it's time to go visit.	I think it is, that might make you feel better
8	I got 2 working arms and legs. I am so thankful for that.	I got 2 working arms and legs. I am so thankful for that.	That is good to hear. Disabilities are never easy for people.
7	When I had my first baby, it was amazing. I was just so happy and joyful that I had been given this blessing.  [SEP] That is nice. How many childrens do you have now? [SEP] I have five kids!	I have five kids!	Congratulations.
5	i miss when i was in grade school, i didn't have to pay bills and worry about politics. The good old days [SEP] i understand, life can do that to you, and looking back always bring fond memories [SEP] yeah it really does man.	yeah it really does man.	just think, today will be tomorrow's memories when looking back
4	So sad right now, my poor cat. [SEP] Oh no, what happened to your cat? [SEP] She got ran over by some rude driver, she passed away.	She got ran over by some rude driver, she passed away.	I am so sorry for your loss.
2	everytime before clocking in i look at the schedule , when i see a bunch of fast workers on the list im so happy , like we are getting out early today 	everytime before clocking in i look at the schedule , when i see a bunch of fast workers on the list im so happy , like we are getting out early today 	That's good to have a bunch of people working with you that are fast and good at their job. I bet it makes everyone's job a lot easier.
0	I hate to sleep with the lights off. [SEP] why is that? [SEP] I'm afraid of the dark, it is too scary for me.	I'm afraid of the dark, it is too scary for me.	ah yea ... i can understand that
2	I'm getting a promotion at work in February. [SEP] That is great, I"m sure you've worked very hard for it. [SEP] Yes, I have been working toward it for a year.	Yes, I have been working toward it for a year.	I'm so glad they are recognizing you for all your efforts.  It feels so nice to be commended for a job well done.
8	5 [SEP] 6 [SEP] LOL....sorry I was just messing around.I called in to work when I wasn't sick. Then I felt bad for leaving them shorthanded  [SEP] The place didn't fall apart did it? [SEP] No but I couldn't enjoy my day away for thinking about it.	No but I couldn't enjoy my day away for thinking about it.	Well, that has never happened to me. I never think about work when I'm not there lol
1	i should stop paying them, they do not prepare my lawn right for me	i should stop paying them, they do not prepare my lawn right for me	That is not cool, I would cancel immediately
0	I was shocked when my brother invited me for lunch. I had not seen him all week [SEP] Do you guys not get together as much?  [SEP] No, he works a lot	No, he works a lot	I know that feeling, I have a brother I don't see as much as I used to.
4	You know being a parent is so hard, but I feel so lucky to have my children especially in stressful times...  [SEP] I have felt that way sometimes too [SEP] when you need them the most they are there, i hope they always keep that same attitude as they get older. 	when you need them the most they are there, i hope they always keep that same attitude as they get older. 	I am trying to teach that to my children. They are stubborn
8	My small dog lunged and killed a baby bird that had fallen out of its nest. [SEP] Did anyone else see what happened? [SEP] No, just me.  I was holding back my other dog.  It was really hard to watch, even though I know it was his instinct.	No, just me.  I was holding back my other dog.  It was really hard to watch, even though I know it was his instinct.	Dogs can get crazy like that sometimes, I'm glad no one else saw it happen!
3	My internet company tried to not send someone out to fix my internet. It hasnt worked for 3 months	My internet company tried to not send someone out to fix my internet. It hasnt worked for 3 months	Ah thats so bad. why not raise a complaint
0	The way political discourse is unfolding in our country makes me feel embarrassed. No professionalism or courtesy, and only insults toward each other	The way political discourse is unfolding in our country makes me feel embarrassed. No professionalism or courtesy, and only insults toward each other	I know! It really is ridiculous and way out of hand.
5	In our friend's birthday party, i saw my partner chatting with her male college friend. They seemed very joyful and it made feel jealous	In our friend's birthday party, i saw my partner chatting with her male college friend. They seemed very joyful and it made feel jealous	Maybe it is your imagination.The were probably catching up.
6	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born [SEP] oh nice! first one? [SEP] Yes! i cant wait to spoil the lil guy.  [SEP] I bet. Do you have any children of your own? [SEP] yes, but they are old. i want a baby..lol [SEP] so that means extra spoilage :P [SEP] yes and i can return him after i spoil him	yes and i can return him after i spoil him	by spoil do you mean mountain dew?
6	I really wanted to take a weekend trip with my husband and my mom offered to watch my daughter. So grateful!	I really wanted to take a weekend trip with my husband and my mom offered to watch my daughter. So grateful!	Mom of the year award! That's awesome, where are you going?
1	I won a small contest. So, my friend was there when I entered the contest, and he was the one that encouraged me to enter. Now that I won, he says he deserves some of the winnings because he was the one that made me enter. I disagree. But he keeps bothering me about it. [SEP] Eh give him a dollar and tell him to enter the contest himself. [SEP] Yeah, I don't think that will fly. I won a prize and he wants to split the prize. He knows the odds are small. So since I won, he wants to forget about trying to do it himself, and just wants what I got.	Yeah, I don't think that will fly. I won a prize and he wants to split the prize. He knows the odds are small. So since I won, he wants to forget about trying to do it himself, and just wants what I got.	He doesn't sound too reasonable if you ask me.
2	A friend of mine recently met George Clooney at a restaurant and posted a picture with him on Instagram!	A friend of mine recently met George Clooney at a restaurant and posted a picture with him on Instagram!	Wow that's so exciting! I bet he's a nice guy in real life. 
7	I'm leaving for college soon. I have never been so far from home alone. [SEP] How far are you going?  What school? [SEP] I am going to NYU. I got a full scholarship	I am going to NYU. I got a full scholarship	Way cool!  Congratulations!  Should be a great experience
4	I'm not sure how my future is going to turn out. I have been worried about that a lot lately.  [SEP] What have you been worried about?  [SEP] Pretty much everything. I'm not where I want to be. Financially speaking: i'm a poor person. My health has really gone downhill this year. Pretty much everything isn't good.	Pretty much everything. I'm not where I want to be. Financially speaking: i'm a poor person. My health has really gone downhill this year. Pretty much everything isn't good.	Oh wow, I'm sorry to hear that! I hope things start looking better for you. Can you file for disability or social security? 
1	I heard a loud crash sound outside my house last night, I thought someone was trying to break in. [SEP] Seriously?  What was going on? [SEP] Well it turns out a bird flew into a window and died, pretty weird.	Well it turns out a bird flew into a window and died, pretty weird.	Oh that's awful. I am glad you and your stuff is okay though!
4	I miss the smell of burnt hay in the fall, my hometown farmers used to do it every year. [SEP] I get that, nothing can beat home! [SEP] Yeah, I wish I visited more often, but my job keeps me away.	Yeah, I wish I visited more often, but my job keeps me away.	I am sorry to hear that, well maybe when you retire!
4	I just found out the small company I work for is going out of business. I cried all day Friday when I found out because I love working for them	I just found out the small company I work for is going out of business. I cried all day Friday when I found out because I love working for them	I am so sorry to hear this. I am sure you will find another job, but it doesn't make it any less painful.
5	I have my final physics exam tomorrow. 	I have my final physics exam tomorrow. 	Well I think you're gonna do a great job on it
7	I have to go to the dmv on friday. I am nervous about it [SEP] Why are you nervous? [SEP] I hate going to that place	I hate going to that place	Yes, the lines are a pain.
3	I was ready for my drivers test! [SEP] Did you do well [SEP] I tried so hard but in the end I failed.	I tried so hard but in the end I failed.	You will do better next time
7	I worked so hard this semester, but I overslept for my final exam. [SEP] were you able to make it up? [SEP] I'm still waiting to hear back from the professor.	I'm still waiting to hear back from the professor.	oh good luck!
5	My dad wants me to work this job that I am completely uninterested in. [SEP] Have you voiced your opinion to him yet? [SEP] Yes. He is very stubborn though and wants me to live the life he believes is best for me. 	Yes. He is very stubborn though and wants me to live the life he believes is best for me. 	Parents always think they know best. Until their children prove them wrong they tend to think that. 
8	I got a new dog recently and have found myself really enjoying taking care of it. [SEP] That is so great I love dogs they are so sweet and your best friend for life. [SEP] Yes, I love them too. It's been a while to have one, so I am very happy now.	Yes, I love them too. It's been a while to have one, so I am very happy now.	They come with hard work have to walk and feed them but you will get back into your groove.
6	I am excited about the kids started back too	I am excited about the kids started back too	How many kids do you have
1	I love my job.  I get to you tell students that they can't take certain classes at the school I work at.	I love my job.  I get to you tell students that they can't take certain classes at the school I work at.	That's great that you love your job, that is really important!
4	I had so many bad dates recently. I just know my next one is gonna be great. [SEP] I hope it is - do you have any funny experiences from the bad ones? [SEP] I told a guy I was afraid of zombies and he laughed so hard I just wanted to go home.	I told a guy I was afraid of zombies and he laughed so hard I just wanted to go home.	I'm sorry to hear that. You'll find somebody good soon!
8	He was sitting on a perch looking hungry. He asked for money but I didnt have any so I gave his a slice of pizza and he cursed me out. [SEP] That is terrible. Probably, he wanted money to buy drugs. [SEP] His teeth were missing so maybe he couldnt eat the pzza	His teeth were missing so maybe he couldnt eat the pzza	It could be a good explanation but he shouldn't have cursed.
2	I quit my job without having another one lined up.  I'm hopeful and optimistic that I will be okay and that this was the right choice. [SEP] I'm sure you will be able to get another one fairly quickly! [SEP] I'm doing some work-from-home stuff and it's actually pretty fun!	I'm doing some work-from-home stuff and it's actually pretty fun!	I hope that you see amazing results, and you continue to enjoy yourself!
8	I feel pretty alone when nobody is home. [SEP] i like alone time [SEP] I used to like alone time but now not so much.	I used to like alone time but now not so much.	i think its good to find a healthy balance between being alone and being social
6	It couldnt be true, I know that wa my mom, but the man she was with wasnt my dad.	It couldnt be true, I know that wa my mom, but the man she was with wasnt my dad.	Wow! Did you confront her about it?
5	I will never forget when my daughter was born and they gave her to me for the first time! [SEP] That is an amazing feeling. I have three daughters. It doesn't matter how many you have, the first time you hold them, its amazing. [SEP] I have 3 little ones too! I had a girl, then boy, then girl! Such a precious moment! [SEP] That's awesome. I would love to have a boy too, but I'm not sure if I want another one or not.  [SEP] I'm debating on another too. My youngest is only 17 months so I am definitely not in a rush.	I'm debating on another too. My youngest is only 17 months so I am definitely not in a rush.	My youngest is 3, and almost completely potty trained, but its been a struggle. Maybe when she starts school, I'll make up my mind.
4	Well I am having a fly issue. I have sticky fly paper (although I hate killing anything) and I clean and no matter what I keep getting flies that bat themselves at me all day. [SEP] Sticky paper is so gross. have you every used cloves? You can put the in your windows to keep flies out. [SEP] I have clove oil and I have tried basil. It seems like the little tiny fly babies get in so I can barely have my window open. My lawn is mowed but it drives me crazy and it takes all day to kill them. Then it restarts the next day! Any flowers that keep them away? [SEP] I don'r know. Once I found out about cloves that worked fr me. Maybe you should het an exterminator although that seems extreme. [SEP] No way to get rid of flies with that- I have pets so I don't want any poison for them or the earth. There are lots of abandoned houses around here- I am sure that contributes.	No way to get rid of flies with that- I have pets so I don't want any poison for them or the earth. There are lots of abandoned houses around here- I am sure that contributes.	Probablt. Im sorry I couldnt help you. 
0	Can't believe my friends got me a stick. [SEP] Like a stick shift car? You got some pretty rich friends! [SEP] Nope a hockey stick actually, I wish though!	Nope a hockey stick actually, I wish though!	Oh lol.  I hear those are expensive too, so, you got some rich friends! Lol
7	I'm leaving for vacation soon! I'm so pumped! It can't come soon enough! [SEP] Yes! Vacation. Where ya headed? [SEP] Disney World, I've never been!	Disney World, I've never been!	Oh you'll have lots of fun!
5	My doctor told me to give up caffeine to help calm down my anxiety. [SEP] That's really hard to do. I should do the same thing, but I still start my day with a big glass of iced coffee every day. It could help though. [SEP] I think it is helping a little, but MAN do I miss that morning cup of coffee.	I think it is helping a little, but MAN do I miss that morning cup of coffee.	I can imagine. That is really great that you are able to follow his advice and maybe each day will get a little bit better. Anxiety is the worst!
5	I ate 50 Big Macs yesterday. Felt slightly bad for the herd of homeless across the street, gazing enviously upon my pile of gluttony. 	I ate 50 Big Macs yesterday. Felt slightly bad for the herd of homeless across the street, gazing enviously upon my pile of gluttony. 	Wow. How did you manage to eat that many? Maybe you should have shared. 
6	Im taking my daughter for school clothes [SEP] How old is she? [SEP] 13 and she wants to go to thrift stores! [SEP] Wow that's odd. At least you will save some money. [SEP] Sure will. I hope she picks cute stuff still	Sure will. I hope she picks cute stuff still	What is her style?
3	I just got a new puppy last week and now he's dead. [SEP] Oh my gosh.  I am so sorry.  What happened? [SEP] He got hit by a car.	He got hit by a car.	Oh no.  Poor thing!  Hope you are hanging in there.
4	A loud boom went off tonight. Scared me to death.  [SEP] Wow that would scare me too. What caused it? [SEP] Another gunshot likely. Sometimes it's hard to tell- they aren't allowed legally to do fireworks here except on the day of...but they do the bomb one sometimes :/ It's scary as often it IS gunshots...I'm in the ghetto.	Another gunshot likely. Sometimes it's hard to tell- they aren't allowed legally to do fireworks here except on the day of...but they do the bomb one sometimes :/ It's scary as often it IS gunshots...I'm in the ghetto.	Sorry to hear that you're in that situation. Hope you stay safe
4	My Grandma just passed away. Its been a brutally tough time. [SEP] oh my god i'm so sorry. i've only got one grandparent left and it's tough to even imagine not having her [SEP] Thank you.  I know, she was the one I was the closest too.  She died soon after my Grandpa died so its been awful.  It feels surreal. Treasure them while they're here.	Thank you.  I know, she was the one I was the closest too.  She died soon after my Grandpa died so its been awful.  It feels surreal. Treasure them while they're here.	i do. i'm so sorry you are having such a hard time. may you find peace in her memories.
4	my brother is sick	my brother is sick	Im sorry to hear that, Is he going to the doctor for help?
5	I am so mad, my dog ate my homework that I spend 2 hours on, so now I have to redo the whole thing!  [SEP] Oh no, that's terrible, what are you going to do? [SEP] I guess I will just have to redo everything if my teacher does not believe me :( 	I guess I will just have to redo everything if my teacher does not believe me :( 	Well that's no good, you could try taping it back together
3	My friend was supposed to meet me at my apartment so we could eat at Starbucks.  But she ended up wanting a full body back rub.  It was a nice change of plans. [SEP] Oh, that's...interesting. That does sound like a nice change of plans, not only because Starbucks not seem that fun anyway. Hopefully she returned the favor? [SEP] Still waiting on that one hahaha	Still waiting on that one hahaha	Well, hopefully she doesn't keep you waiting for very long, if everything else is right! But maybe be more patient than even you think you need to be in order to play it safe, so she doesn't get scared off, so to speak. Sounds like it will be worth it in the end.
7	I'm supposed to hear in the next day or two whether I've gotten my dream job! I can't wait to find out! [SEP] That is great. I hope you get it. What is the job title? [SEP] It's a position in Human Resources! I've been trying to get a job with this company for years!	It's a position in Human Resources! I've been trying to get a job with this company for years!	Good luck
4	I am ready for UFC 229. [SEP] + [SEP] What does the plus sign mean?	What does the plus sign mean?	Sorry - I mashed the keyboard. When is the UFC on?
7	My finances will be getting better in the next year. [SEP] That has got to feel good!  Did you get a raise or a new job? [SEP] I get a raise that kicks in in February.	I get a raise that kicks in in February.	Congratulations!  Your life should feel a little less stressful when you get it!
8	I've had a slight financial struggle recently. I  don't see a way out of it.  [SEP] How did you get into this situation?  [SEP] My girlfriend has gone a little crazy with spending frivolously.  [SEP] well I think she should be the one to get you out of it! Otherwise perhaps you could see a financial adviser. They might be able to help you consolidate your debts  [SEP] I think I've hadhad an epiphany. After not being serious about religion ever, I may have to turn it over to God...  [SEP] Well I have never heard of God helping with financial situations but perhaps if you pray and scrape together enough money for a ticket to Las Vegas all your troubles will be gone [SEP] Lol... I went to a Christian school. Never cared before  but now I'm 47. Maybe He can just give me a quick loan??? 	Lol... I went to a Christian school. Never cared before  but now I'm 47. Maybe He can just give me a quick loan??? 	This is a lot to ask for. I recommend going straight to the pope for something of this magnitude
8	I was angry on my mom. [SEP] Why? [SEP] She lost the watch which I presented to her for anniversary.	She lost the watch which I presented to her for anniversary.	Oh well it wasnt on purpose. People lose things.
7	I can't wait until December. [SEP] Christmas? [SEP] No, I love Christmas, but my son will be born.	No, I love Christmas, but my son will be born.	OH wow! Congratulations. First one?
8	I am sure my neighbor will return my lawnmower in it's original condition. [SEP] Let's hope so. [SEP] I have faith he will. He is a good person.	I have faith he will. He is a good person.	Well that's good. I wouldnt trust my neighbor with my ice cube tray
4	I was lonely as a teenager, I had no girlfriend and few friends. I was sad often	I was lonely as a teenager, I had no girlfriend and few friends. I was sad often	Sorry to hear that. Do you have more firends now?
3	I heard my favorite childhood song the other day! [SEP] Oh yeah? What song is it? [SEP] It was an N Sync song. It was like a blast from the past, made me feel strange!	It was an N Sync song. It was like a blast from the past, made me feel strange!	Oh man, just saying that name brings back nostalgia for me!
7	Have you ever gone to an open mic night? [SEP] Yeah I've gone a few times actually. Do you like them? [SEP] I love them. I just practiced my new song and I am ready to share it on stage.	I love them. I just practiced my new song and I am ready to share it on stage.	That's awesome! I wish you all the luck, but I bet you won't even need it.
2	I'm happy I can afford to take care of my health. If i need something special or specific, I can just buy it usually.  [SEP] That is certainly a blessing, good for you! [SEP] It is! I am enjoying it. Things don't always last, so you have to enjoy any good things when they happen.  I have almost never had a time like that in my life where I can even buy necessary items.	It is! I am enjoying it. Things don't always last, so you have to enjoy any good things when they happen.  I have almost never had a time like that in my life where I can even buy necessary items.	I get that, but I hope that continues for you!
5	I wanted to buy the Nintendo Switch from the store but they were sold out. [SEP] sorry about that, did you try checking on another store? [SEP] They were sold out everywhere. I was so angry about it.	They were sold out everywhere. I was so angry about it.	am sorry, maybe you should wait until they are restocked
7	I moved across country recently and everything went exactly as planned for once. [SEP] That's amazing! Where did you move to? Did you lose anything on the way? [SEP] Moved to Colorado from Tennessee for Outdoorsman School. And nope we even tetrised everything into a tiny pod perfectly.	Moved to Colorado from Tennessee for Outdoorsman School. And nope we even tetrised everything into a tiny pod perfectly.	That's such an unbelievably satisfying thing, isn't it? When you have JUST enough space to fit everything. I wish you the best of luck in Outdoorsman School. If I ever get lost in a National Park, I'm gonna be looking for you to come save me.
5	My friends went to an event without me, but I'm sure they have a good reason to. [SEP] Hm... I don't know how I would feel about that. Do you have a good relationship with them? [SEP] Yea, we do. Does it sound like a bad thing?	Yea, we do. Does it sound like a bad thing?	Well, if you did not have a good relationship then it would seem like maybe they didn't take you on purpose.
4	Poor service delivery by an airline staff really pissed me	Poor service delivery by an airline staff really pissed me	I'm sorry to hear that.  What happened?
4	My girlfriend has been ignoring me for the whole day [SEP] That's annoying. Why is she doing that? [SEP] She has been talking to our new classmate nonstop	She has been talking to our new classmate nonstop	Oof that isn't good, sorry to hear man.
8	I once kept a notebook in which I wrote down how my friends would die. [SEP] Wow. You were either very imaginative or upset. [SEP] Actually, it's a concept from the anime "deathnote". Anyway, I was only 12 and copying a TV show, but my parents found it and thought I was troubled!	Actually, it's a concept from the anime "deathnote". Anyway, I was only 12 and copying a TV show, but my parents found it and thought I was troubled!	Thought that reminded me of Death Note, but I think L only focused on criminals.
7	I have a surgery coming up on Monday. [SEP] Oh no. Are you scared at all? [SEP] I am very nervous.  It is completely optional so I might just cancel it.	I am very nervous.  It is completely optional so I might just cancel it.	Well if you do decide to go through with it, I wish you the best and quick healing!
7	We are really wanting wanting to buy a newer and bigger vehicle, but we're not sure if we can afford it. [SEP] Oh no. Maybe you can find one that is used, or even rebuilt. I got my car for 75% less than what I would've paid from a car dealer! [SEP] Problem is we don't have a car payment now and going back to having one would be a struggle. We are trying to figure out and pay off bills now.	Problem is we don't have a car payment now and going back to having one would be a struggle. We are trying to figure out and pay off bills now.	Well, stick through it! I wish you luck :) 
8	i was thinking about my leftover Chinese food, came home and someone had eaten it [SEP] I hate it when that happens. You should get a lock for the fridge. [SEP] yeah i though about it	yeah i though about it	Some people just have no consideration. You deserve to eat your leftover Chinese.
8	I will begin my first day of work on Monday and I think I'm ready for it.	I will begin my first day of work on Monday and I think I'm ready for it.	that's good, the first week is always the hardest, but it get's easier and funnier as time goes by
4	My friend lied to me and I was so upset I yelled at her.	My friend lied to me and I was so upset I yelled at her.	I'm sorry, did everything get resolved?
5	I cooked for family last week and it tasted pretty bad. I know they noticed, but they didn't say anything. [SEP] Your family was being polite. If I did that my family would order a pizza, hah. [SEP] I can tell they were just being polite too. I let myself down. I'll have to focus more next time.	I can tell they were just being polite too. I let myself down. I'll have to focus more next time.	It's all good. Maybe you should try something simple like Hamburger Helper. Can't really  mess that up.
6	I hate getting ghosted on Tinder. It happens fairly often. [SEP] I never use Tinder due to that reason. [SEP] It's just so shallow. They start talking to a better looking guy and instantly drop me no matter how close we get.	It's just so shallow. They start talking to a better looking guy and instantly drop me no matter how close we get.	Have you ever tried any other apps?
1	I am so ready for the weekend, I get to drive a NASCAR. [SEP] Really? That's insane! [SEP] Yes, I paid for a NASCAR super weekend. That is the highlight of the weekend.	Yes, I paid for a NASCAR super weekend. That is the highlight of the weekend.	Cool, that sounds like a great weekend!
3	I have a fishing tournament today which I am pretty certain I will win. [SEP] Are you going to be on the news when you win?? [SEP] I certainly hope so, that would be awesome!	I certainly hope so, that would be awesome!	Yeah!  When you win I get first crack at your autograph!
3	So my father cheated on my mom once. [SEP] That's horrible. Did they divorce? [SEP] No they figured there problems out. But i was really annoyed at him for it. 	No they figured there problems out. But i was really annoyed at him for it. 	Of course! betrayal is horrifying to go through. I hope he became a better man for it?
5	I wish I could have some company on my nightly walks. [SEP] Do you just walk alone usually? [SEP] yes, and its nice and relaxing, just wouldnt mind company	yes, and its nice and relaxing, just wouldnt mind company	Maybe you can invite someone every now and then, like a neighbor or someone you trust.
2	I usually give money to the bell ringers around xmas time but i did not give them any last year [SEP] Why is that? [SEP] i was just so broke this year	i was just so broke this year	Oh, well i hope the tides turn for you soon!
4	Currently, I am having some financial issues.	Currently, I am having some financial issues.	that is the worst. i am sorry to hear that.
6	I am so excited for week 1 of the NFL season! Football is my favorite sport.	I am so excited for week 1 of the NFL season! Football is my favorite sport.	I love football too! I even catch a lot of the preseason. This is one of the best times of the year. Who are you rooting for?
3	I am feeling pretty good after finishing that last exam. [SEP] that's great. when will you know how you did? [SEP] I will know this Friday. I studied very hard, so I believe I did well. Fingers crossed.	I will know this Friday. I studied very hard, so I believe I did well. Fingers crossed.	i hope so. is this a final exam?
4	MY children are making me mad [SEP] What are they doing? [SEP] I told them to go to bed hours ago. I can still hear them giggling [SEP] Oh lol, Well it [SEP] They do that every night. I cant wait for school to start.	They do that every night. I cant wait for school to start.	Sorry! I meant that kids do that, enjoy it mom while they are little :)
5	Late last night I swore I heard some footsteps coming from my kitchen. I live alone and was convinced someone was in the house.	Late last night I swore I heard some footsteps coming from my kitchen. I live alone and was convinced someone was in the house.	It could've been a ghost or maybe a robber?
7	I've been working out for 2 months now and I finally started losing some weight so I'm hopeful I'll see lots of results soon.	I've been working out for 2 months now and I finally started losing some weight so I'm hopeful I'll see lots of results soon.	That's great! Congratulations. How much weight have you lost?
5	My wallet was stollen at work. I am so angry. [SEP] Do you know who stole it? [SEP] I don't know but I have some doubts on someone. I was stupid. I left on my desk when I went to the toilet.	I don't know but I have some doubts on someone. I was stupid. I left on my desk when I went to the toilet.	Maybe it will turn up, who knows.
0	I was upset when my favorite TV show was canceled. Now I don't have anything to watch. [SEP] Well thats disappointing. Maybe you can find a show similar to it to watch.  [SEP] I will look but I hate it when they cancel good shows. It seems to happen too often.	I will look but I hate it when they cancel good shows. It seems to happen too often.	I know what you mean. It seems they keep the crap shows going for years and the good ones get cancelled. 
1	One of my favorite movies of all tyme is pans labyrinth by guillermo del toro , but the ending is a bit depressing even for me [SEP] I've never seen that movie, why is it depressing? [SEP] the little girl has a hard life, but in her head she is in a story , at the end she gets killed 	the little girl has a hard life, but in her head she is in a story , at the end she gets killed 	Oh wow, that is very depressing. I hate movies like that.
7	I was able to get an interview for a great job, by the time I was going into it I felt that I knew everything they would require and I was not worried at all. [SEP] Nice! You sound like you prepared very well [SEP] I did, I prepared in every way possible. It was all worth it in the end because I was able to show them just how valuable I was.	I did, I prepared in every way possible. It was all worth it in the end because I was able to show them just how valuable I was.	I love that feeling. Being prepared for whatever comes your way, good luck!
3	I was sad last weekend. All of my friends were off being busy it seemed [SEP] Why didn't you make any plans before the weekend started? [SEP] I was a little sick and busy I guess	I was a little sick and busy I guess	Well, I hope you feel better and get some rest. Maybe next weekend will be better for you.
3	i was sad when  i didnt get the day off [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. Why was that? [SEP] cause we had too much work	cause we had too much work	Well that really stinks.
4	I ordered a nice breakfast for me and my kids today. [SEP] That sounds nice.  What did you get? [SEP] Not what I ordered! Everything was wrong and it ruined our special day.	Not what I ordered! Everything was wrong and it ruined our special day.	That is terrible.  I am so sorry
5	My stepmother just died. I am very sad [SEP] I'm so sorry to hear that.  Death is not an easy thing to cope with. [SEP] No its not she was only in her 50s life is short 	No its not she was only in her 50s life is short 	It's a difficult way to realize you should live every day to the fullest potential.
2	I'm afraid to move away from my home town, I've lived here for 26 years! I'll miss everyone! [SEP] Aww that's awful.  Do you have to move like for a job or something? [SEP] Yeah, well my husband got a new job and it was too good to turn down!	Yeah, well my husband got a new job and it was too good to turn down!	Oh I bet.  Make sure to hang out with as many people as you can before you leave!
7	my wife is amazing, i am so lucky to have her [SEP] She sounds wonderful. How long have you two been together? [SEP] 9 years! and hopefully many more	9 years! and hopefully many more	That's really amazing. I wish you two the best.
8	I am starting a job next week in a new school as a teacher and I have to give a speech in front of the entire school. Pubic speaking in front of that many people isn't my favorite thing. [SEP] I have heard that if you look at one person in the audience and focus on them in their underwear you will relax [SEP] Ha ha.  I have heard that too.  I'm worried that if I think of something too comical that I'll forget what part of the speech I'm in.  I did read something that said to look above everyone just slightly because they think you're looking up at them but you're really looking toward the back of the room. I'm not sure.	Ha ha.  I have heard that too.  I'm worried that if I think of something too comical that I'll forget what part of the speech I'm in.  I did read something that said to look above everyone just slightly because they think you're looking up at them but you're really looking toward the back of the room. I'm not sure.	There is many ways to find the "relax zone" when speaking in front of a group.
4	My oldest daughter had a hard time with other kids in school.	My oldest daughter had a hard time with other kids in school.	I am sorry, kids can be mean
6	My birthday was yesterday. Everybody seems to have forgotten about it though. I didn't get a single happy birthday from anyone family or friends. I thought it was really depressing. [SEP] am sorry about that, you could have reminded them perharps [SEP] I guess that was an option. I just figured they'd remember at some point.	I guess that was an option. I just figured they'd remember at some point.	yah, next time remind them earlier so you dont feel disturbed
3	My lottery ticket hit a bumper prize. [SEP] How much is that? [SEP] It's $10,000. It took my breathe away.	It's $10,000. It took my breathe away.	Oh wow, that will help you out immensely.
6	Hi, I lost a bet with friend and had to live in a haunted house for a month!	Hi, I lost a bet with friend and had to live in a haunted house for a month!	Holy cow, why did you take that bet?
2	I completed some tests for qualifications.  I'm anxiously waiting to see if I passed. [SEP] Was that for work? [SEP] Yes.  I'm trying to add on to my skill set.  Hopefully for better paying work.	Yes.  I'm trying to add on to my skill set.  Hopefully for better paying work.	I'm sure you are going to do great.  I really hope you do get a better paying job as a result.  Good luck!
1	I have a reoccurring nightmare that I am being eaten by zombies [SEP] Really?  Have you watched any zombie movies or shows lately? [SEP] It all started after watching the first season of walking dead	It all started after watching the first season of walking dead	Well that might explain it, those zombies aren't very nice!
8	I ate a restaurant this morning and had soup. Their Sriracha bottle looked like it was 1000 years old and I wanted to vomit.	I ate a restaurant this morning and had soup. Their Sriracha bottle looked like it was 1000 years old and I wanted to vomit.	I hope you didn't use any.
5	My boyfriend is always talking on the phone when we are hanging out.	My boyfriend is always talking on the phone when we are hanging out.	Maybe tell him how you feel about that.
1	I participate in crossfit competitions. I have been training hard and feel really good about my ability to place.	I participate in crossfit competitions. I have been training hard and feel really good about my ability to place.	That's probably great for your body and fitness.
6	I came home from work the other morning, and wouldn't you know it, there were a told of old dirty dishes in the sink. [SEP] Who left all the dirty dishes? [SEP] My wife did.  She does a lot of things around the house, but she never cleans the freakin dishes!	My wife did.  She does a lot of things around the house, but she never cleans the freakin dishes!	Does she have a job?
8	I am praying i get called back to this place i interviewed at. I had two interviews and now im playing the waiting game [SEP] I wish you good luck, what kind of job is it? [SEP] It is marketing, I have been appling all over but i really want to work at this place	It is marketing, I have been appling all over but i really want to work at this place	Marketing is a rough business, but once you get your foot in the door, work hard , but dont let it consume your life.
3	I am ready for the weekend to end, big Monday for me. [SEP] nice  [SEP] I am trying to close a deal for work, big money.	I am trying to close a deal for work, big money.	I hope it works out well for you buddy
0	I'm just getting older and older. I feel so far away from my childhood when things felt so very open ended. [SEP] REALLY.. OLD AGE IS A PART OF OUR LIFE.. BETTER ENJOY THAN FEELING SAD [SEP] I try to, but it just gets so hard sometimes. I appreciate you giving me the space to talk this out thank you. I just wish times were just as simple as they seemed when I was younger.	I try to, but it just gets so hard sometimes. I appreciate you giving me the space to talk this out thank you. I just wish times were just as simple as they seemed when I was younger.	IT IS GOOD THAT YOU ACCEPTED MY WORDS.. CHEER UP .. EVERYTHING GOING TO BE ALRIGHT.. 
5	I am worried I won't pass the CPA exam. I have been studying for weeks and am afraid I won't remember the material.	I am worried I won't pass the CPA exam. I have been studying for weeks and am afraid I won't remember the material.	Yikes, you gotta pay more attention to your textbook maybe
2	Oh yes, he is going to be really mad. He loves his car, it's like his baby.	Oh yes, he is going to be really mad. He loves his car, it's like his baby.	I bet he does. 
1	I awoke to a hot plate of bacon and eggs this morning. [SEP] Eggs? I can't stand that stuff. Too many scambled eggs in college! [SEP] Scrambled eggs are my favorite.  Especially because I ate them so much in college.	Scrambled eggs are my favorite.  Especially because I ate them so much in college.	I can't stand the taste now. They are nasty!
6	I almost hit a dog running down the road last night. It was pretty scary	I almost hit a dog running down the road last night. It was pretty scary	What kind of dog was it?
8	I knew my dad would pull through when he had the flu in a bad way. I just had faith	I knew my dad would pull through when he had the flu in a bad way. I just had faith	I am glad that he did. It is always good to stay hopeful.
8	My husband and I were out to dinner with some coworkers of mine and my husband farted right in the middle of it. [SEP] Oh my gosh! That is so funny. Was he really embarrassed? [SEP] I think I was more embarrassed than he was! 	I think I was more embarrassed than he was! 	I can understand that. But its still really funny. My husband is the one to get more embarrassed over things like that.
6	I went to Wendy's and the cashier overcharged me.  	I went to Wendy's and the cashier overcharged me.  	What did you do?
6	someone almost crashed into me today	someone almost crashed into me today	wow. are you ok? that can be really unnerving 
5	My ex and I went to Branson a few weeks ago. It was so much fun! [SEP] i have never gone. was it really that much fun going with an ex though? [SEP] well we broke up afterwards lol. But the trip was still fun. There are some cool things to do there depending on where you live. 	well we broke up afterwards lol. But the trip was still fun. There are some cool things to do there depending on where you live. 	maybe i will check it out. i have heard good things about Branson
0	Doesn't it always seem like there's a new reboot of something sprouting up wherever you look? [SEP] Give me an example? [SEP] Hmm. Superman, Spiderman. Voltron. Batman!	Hmm. Superman, Spiderman. Voltron. Batman!	I get it. It does seem like they are always coming out with another version.
8	There is a co-worker who frequently asks me to help him with his tasks. He is very incompetent and i can't understand how he was hired	There is a co-worker who frequently asks me to help him with his tasks. He is very incompetent and i can't understand how he was hired	thats the same thing happening at my job , super lazy worker just walks around and hides in the restroom its annoying
6	I was so thrilled when I finally got my new video game I had saved for. I played it for two days straight.	I was so thrilled when I finally got my new video game I had saved for. I played it for two days straight.	That's awesome! I force myself to budget for it lol. What was the game?
5	I get off work in 45 minutes. I can't wait. [SEP] There is no better feeling than getting off of work! [SEP] Tell me about it. I'm dying to get home.	Tell me about it. I'm dying to get home.	Maybe you can knock off 43 minutes early.
7	I got a lot of vacation time off from work this summer. [SEP] That must have been so relaxing! [SEP] Yes, it felt really good. I'm already looking forward to next summer! haha	Yes, it felt really good. I'm already looking forward to next summer! haha	I wish summer would never end.
3	My daughter fell and really hurt her knee.	My daughter fell and really hurt her knee.	Oh no I hope she's ok!?
6	I stubbed my toe in the shower this morning...it felt like my world was coming to an abrupt end.	I stubbed my toe in the shower this morning...it felt like my world was coming to an abrupt end.	Oh no! I hate when that happens! Does it still hurt?
1	My friend's boyfriend got into an accident 5 years ago. She's still with him. [SEP] What happened to him? How are they doing? [SEP] Got into a motorcycle accident and is now paraplegic. They're doing just fine! He's got his pride issues, but she's sticking with him.	Got into a motorcycle accident and is now paraplegic. They're doing just fine! He's got his pride issues, but she's sticking with him.	That is understanable, I would be the same way.
7	I have a job interview today [SEP] OK get prepared!  [SEP] I'm a bit apprehensive about it to be honest	I'm a bit apprehensive about it to be honest	Well, can only wish you luck!  You need to be bold 
0	I love looking at old photos. Makes me miss the good old days.	I love looking at old photos. Makes me miss the good old days.	Me too. Old photos bring about such nostalgia.
8	Last week on a business trip I spent some time at the bar. There was this girl who was really flirty with me. I had to tell her that I couldn't play with her because I was married.	Last week on a business trip I spent some time at the bar. There was this girl who was really flirty with me. I had to tell her that I couldn't play with her because I was married.	Very admirable
2	My friend won the lottery, wasn't expecting it. [SEP] Wow.  How much did they win? [SEP] A quarter million.	A quarter million.	Jeez, that's a lot!  I hope they can manage it ok.
7	My parents threw a surprise party for me last night. I was so happy!	My parents threw a surprise party for me last night. I was so happy!	I love a good surprise party.
5	I went to the mall by myself again. [SEP] Yeah - did you have a good time? [SEP] No, I hate being by myself.	No, I hate being by myself.	OH dear. Maybe you can find some friends online
6	Hi friend, how is your day going today?	Hi friend, how is your day going today?	It's been mediocre, how about you?
4	My brother wont stop making fun of my pimple since morning. Ugh! [SEP] That must be so frustrating [SEP] I agree, and annoying because he wont be quiet and keeps making fun of me. 	I agree, and annoying because he wont be quiet and keeps making fun of me. 	I'm sorry to hear that. I hope he stops soon.
6	I was scared when that spider ran across my bed [SEP] How big was the spider? [SEP] about trey fitty	about trey fitty	Lol
5	When I hear 80s instrumentals and it reminds me of my family's Christmas karaoke nights, good times :)) [SEP] Good times indeed!  Those were the days.  It seems cliche to say they were simpler times because I remember them saying that back then about when they were younger.  History repeats itself. [SEP] Absolutely.	Absolutely.	When I think of Christmas with families I tend to think about National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation.  A classic.
3	I just lost my job. It really sucks	I just lost my job. It really sucks	I'm sorry to hear that, hopefully you qualify for unemployment while you get back on your feet.
7	I passed my driving test the other day. I was really shocked because I am not a very confident driver and I thought it went really badly [SEP] do you feel like you are ready to drive in real time? [SEP] Sort of. I'm more nervous when I'm being assessed.	Sort of. I'm more nervous when I'm being assessed.	I'm glad you passed though!
3	I have had a break up recently. I feel so empty [SEP] I'm sorry. How long had you been together? [SEP] I have had a break up recently. I feel so empty	I have had a break up recently. I feel so empty	I hope you feel better soon.
2	I was going to be late for gym practice. But my friend helped me to find my missing shoe. Now I will be on time! [SEP] Hey, that's awesome! I'm happy for you. Where did they find it? [SEP] I left it beside my TV.	I left it beside my TV.	That's great. I hope you have a good workout at the gym!
7	My sister graduated college last week. [SEP] Ah - that's a big accomplishment!!!  Did you get her a great present? [SEP] No, I punched her right in the nose like we do here! It's a tradition.	No, I punched her right in the nose like we do here! It's a tradition.	HAHA!  That is the best tradition I've ever heard of!
5	I am not so sure how I feel about buying a used car. [SEP] Well, if the milleage is not too much and the car is clean go for it [SEP] Yeah I just don't know enough about cars.	Yeah I just don't know enough about cars.	I think in situations like this, you can take someone that knows about cars along
8	I had to give a speech in front of a few of my friends, I was nervous but really comfortable and I knew I could do it	I had to give a speech in front of a few of my friends, I was nervous but really comfortable and I knew I could do it	I'm sure you did great! I hate public speeking.
7	my husband and i are trying to get pregnant by the end of the year	my husband and i are trying to get pregnant by the end of the year	Good luck are you hoping for a boy or girl?
7	life is good right now got me a nice girl friend , good job, good friends im in paradise	life is good right now got me a nice girl friend , good job, good friends im in paradise	Good for you. You are lucky
8	I went to a local baking competition and got first place [SEP] How many people entered? [SEP] A dozen or so	A dozen or so	That isn't a lot of people but still a good job.
1	I'm entering a music contest with my friends. This is our first! [SEP] What is the name of your band? [SEP] It's 9 limit, because we're 9 people.	It's 9 limit, because we're 9 people.	That's a lot. What kind of music do you play>
8	I hoped today that I would get a charge reversed from a company that charged me early for a free trial [SEP] did it work out or still waiting to hear back? [SEP] Thankfully after some pushing and pulling, they refunded me! They didn't want to at first though, arg!	Thankfully after some pushing and pulling, they refunded me! They didn't want to at first though, arg!	that good .. you should use (privacy dot com) for trials that require cc info in the future! it helps
5	My older sister is always comparing our children. [SEP] Oh wow, that's kind of rude. [SEP] Yes it is upsetting, because she alludes to her children being smarter and more well-rounded than mine.	Yes it is upsetting, because she alludes to her children being smarter and more well-rounded than mine.	Have you brought it up to her? Maybe she doesn't realize she's doing it.
4	My wife passed away, so I am alone again.	My wife passed away, so I am alone again.	I'm so sorry to hear that.
2	The entire last month I was getting ready for a trip around the world. Takes a lot of planning! [SEP] That does sound fun though [SEP] Yup. Now that I'm finally ready, I'll be taking off in about a week. 	Yup. Now that I'm finally ready, I'll be taking off in about a week. 	I hope you have fun
6	The most beautiful thing in the whole world have just happened to me 	The most beautiful thing in the whole world have just happened to me 	That sounds really exciting? what was it?
7	I knew my date over the weekend was going to go well. We just clicked through messages before [SEP] Are you gojng to meet them again? [SEP] I am next weekend, I am looking forward to it	I am next weekend, I am looking forward to it	Good, I wish you the best of luck with it, may you find love!
8	 It felt good when Lebron left the Cavs for the Lakers [SEP] Why is that? [SEP] Cause the cavs owner is an awful owner.  The way he threw Lebron under the bus and talks trash about him.	Cause the cavs owner is an awful owner.  The way he threw Lebron under the bus and talks trash about him.	Lebron isnt a saint though
3	Was supposed to hang out with my friend after work but turns out she has to work late [SEP] That really sucks [SEP] Yea, it does. Don't know if we'll ever to hang out.	Yea, it does. Don't know if we'll ever to hang out.	I always hate when work gets in the way of having friends. It's always one way or the other.  If it's not your schedule it's theirs
3	I entered a writing contest. I thought I might have a chance to be a finalist. I was excited.  [SEP] Oh boy, how did it go? [SEP] I was a finalist. It was so exciting. Even though I didn't win, it had a lot of advantages. 	I was a finalist. It was so exciting. Even though I didn't win, it had a lot of advantages. 	Congrats, that's a real accomplishment!
8	my wife is going overseas with our baby and i'm so nervous!!!	my wife is going overseas with our baby and i'm so nervous!!!	give her an unlocked phone 
7	MY friend is having a party for her two year old. [SEP] Aww that is sweet are you going? [SEP] I want to go on a date instead. I feel bad	I want to go on a date instead. I feel bad	Aww well do what you think is best
6	I am playing an official gig with a band I'm in and I can't wait. I know we'll be amazing.	I am playing an official gig with a band I'm in and I can't wait. I know we'll be amazing.	Wow congrats! What type of music do you play?
6	My first pregnancy did not go as planned at all - in fact, it will probably go down as the most scary time in my life.	My first pregnancy did not go as planned at all - in fact, it will probably go down as the most scary time in my life.	Oh no! What happened? I can't imagine having to go through something that scary. 
2	I went to go visit my sister in Vegas last month. [SEP] That would be a great time.  What did you do? [SEP] We went to lots of cool shows. Leading up to the trip I was counting down the days and planning itinerary.	We went to lots of cool shows. Leading up to the trip I was counting down the days and planning itinerary.	I bet.  I would be too
3	MY neighbors have been moving in for a month [SEP] Wow that is a long time. Why is it taking so long? [SEP] I don't know but they bring in furniture almost every day. And they do it late at night. It;s annoying	I don't know but they bring in furniture almost every day. And they do it late at night. It;s annoying	That is pretty annoying for sure. I hope they get moved in so they stop bothering you.
1	Last time I ordered pizza from my local pizza shop for delivery, they forgot my sauces!! So I called and complained and was ensured that it would not happen again. So this time I put in the order and called to MAKE SURE my sauces came. They should be here any minute now.	Last time I ordered pizza from my local pizza shop for delivery, they forgot my sauces!! So I called and complained and was ensured that it would not happen again. So this time I put in the order and called to MAKE SURE my sauces came. They should be here any minute now.	I love sauces like that
3	So i felt bad once because i broke my parents fax machine. What made me feel bad even more he got angry. [SEP] well he did have a right to be angry (depending on how you broke it ofc) [SEP] Yeah he did but i felt bad cause he threw the fax machine into the kitchen. This was a heavy machine by the way.	Yeah he did but i felt bad cause he threw the fax machine into the kitchen. This was a heavy machine by the way.	oh darn thats just abit rude and unnecessary. I hope everything is ok now 
8	Back in kindergarten I peed my pants once...maan I was super ashamed hahaha [SEP] Did the entire class laugh at you? [SEP] No only like 2 people knew...haha but the feeling was just awful	No only like 2 people knew...haha but the feeling was just awful	I haven't peed my pants ever. Guess I am just lucky.
6	The other day I had to go and get some legos for my nephew.  A very strange emotion kinda overcame me in the aisle at Target.	The other day I had to go and get some legos for my nephew.  A very strange emotion kinda overcame me in the aisle at Target.	Were you embarrassed or what happend?
1	I feel blessed that I can take care of my kids myself without struggling	I feel blessed that I can take care of my kids myself without struggling	That's because you worked hard and never gave up! I'm proud of you!
1	I am happy to snuggle in my boyfriends arms and watch tv all day tomorrow [SEP] That sounds like a jolly good time, ole chap. What shows/movies are you planning on watching? [SEP] We will probably binge watch the office	We will probably binge watch the office	Nice. The Office is one of my favorite shows. I do enjoy Steve Carrell's character.
1	Our home was broken into right after we moved in. [SEP] Oh really? Did you recover? [SEP] We did, but it just took away our sense of security.	We did, but it just took away our sense of security.	That is a scary feeling
4	My Grandma just passed away. Its been a brutally tough time.	My Grandma just passed away. Its been a brutally tough time.	oh my god i'm so sorry. i've only got one grandparent left and it's tough to even imagine not having her
1	I get so mad when I see or hear about kids getting bullied. It is so unfair.	I get so mad when I see or hear about kids getting bullied. It is so unfair.	it definetly is. I'm glad schools are taking a stance against it
5	Every time I use my new CD player it randomly skips.	Every time I use my new CD player it randomly skips.	That's too bad. Maybe you should get a new one?
1	I tried out for the broadcasting club to do the announcements at school. I really wanted to get in! [SEP] That sounds exciting? Did you get in to the club?  [SEP] I did! I remember being so happy at that moment, even though it was 25 years ago!	I did! I remember being so happy at that moment, even though it was 25 years ago!	Wow, it's always nice when we get something we really want. Especially if we have to compete for it.
2	I had a really fun get together tonight with all of my coworkers and my boss. The night went fantastic! I'm feeling very happy and optimistic about life right now. [SEP] That's great! It's such a good feeling working with people you actually like.. [SEP] I couldn't agree more. All of my coworkers feel like family to me. So it was a very relaxing and enjoyable get together.	I couldn't agree more. All of my coworkers feel like family to me. So it was a very relaxing and enjoyable get together.	I hope you have more nights like it!
2	I've been married to the same person for over 34 years [SEP] Wow. That's a long time. Longer than I've been alive! Congrats on your successful marriage. Got any tips? [SEP] Yeah, be fully committed, communicate about everything & let petty things roll right off.	Yeah, be fully committed, communicate about everything & let petty things roll right off.	Thanks for the advice. I have trouble letting the petty things go but I think I'll learn to be better as time goes by. I wish you a happy marriage! 
6	i saw a guy lie his way through taking a test	i saw a guy lie his way through taking a test	oh no! why didn't you do anything about it?
4	I felt a little let down when I had to leave work [SEP] why is that [SEP] I had to leave because my kid got suspended	I had to leave because my kid got suspended	oh sorry to hear that
0	My brother was coming back from a trip. I was expecting from him to bring to me a gift. [SEP] He didn't bring you anything? [SEP] Nothing, I was so supprised by that.	Nothing, I was so supprised by that.	That's strange. I always try to buy gifts for my family when I go on a trip.
4	I'm so tired. I was awake for hours last night. [SEP] Oh, sorry to hear that. I was under a lot of stress. What happened to you? [SEP] Our dog was baking and I couldn't see what he was all upset about. He never bark like that.	Our dog was baking and I couldn't see what he was all upset about. He never bark like that.	Oh no, sorry hope it wasn't a snake. My hound dog is alwayd barking.
2	i was shocked when i got the day off [SEP] That's awesome!  Did you request it and just weren't expecting it or did you just get a random day off? [SEP] requested it but was told not to expect it to get approved 	requested it but was told not to expect it to get approved 	I love when that happens!  Good, its about time you got it.  I hope you enjoy whatever you're doing with the time off!
2	I wish my husband didn't have to go on his business trip today. [SEP] where is he going and for how long? [SEP] He has to go to Chicago for business for a week. I'm gonna miss him.	He has to go to Chicago for business for a week. I'm gonna miss him.	oh i hope he is safe. i hear there is a lot popping off there right now!
3	I am so sad my uncle died. [SEP] I'm so sorry.  Will you be okay? [SEP] Yes, but it was take some time.	Yes, but it was take some time.	I hope you will feel better.
1	Well our police don't show up here for even gunshots or rapes but they are so corrupt they had a "blight" squad come ticket our nice car for being parked on my own lawn..that I take care of.	Well our police don't show up here for even gunshots or rapes but they are so corrupt they had a "blight" squad come ticket our nice car for being parked on my own lawn..that I take care of.	That's some great police workforce your town has. (sarcasm)
4	My friend lied to me and I was so upset I yelled at her.	My friend lied to me and I was so upset I yelled at her.	I'm sorry, did everything get resolved?
8	School starts tomorrow for my oldest. I really hope he does well and enjoys it and that he doesn't get scared or miss me too bad or misbehave.	School starts tomorrow for my oldest. I really hope he does well and enjoys it and that he doesn't get scared or miss me too bad or misbehave.	Schools are fun. I wish i could turn time back and go back to those good old days
1	I had some ice cream after a hard day's work today. It was so refreshing. [SEP] Yeah, ice cream really hits the spot when you're tired.  Especially when it's hot in the summer time like this. [SEP] Yeah, I was sweating like bigfoot in the Sahara Desert. It really rejuvenated my life spirit.	Yeah, I was sweating like bigfoot in the Sahara Desert. It really rejuvenated my life spirit.	When the sun is burning like this I'd like nothing more than to just lay under a soft serve machine and pull the handle.  Good times!
1	I was mortified when my jeans ripped	I was mortified when my jeans ripped	yes i am mortified jeans ripped
6	After all of this training, I still cant use my leg [SEP] Oh no my dear, what happened to your leg? [SEP] I broke it in a car wreck!	I broke it in a car wreck!	Oh wow. Was it a bad car wreck?
0	A bit unexpected but nice: my utility bills were much lower than expected this month.	A bit unexpected but nice: my utility bills were much lower than expected this month.	Right on, glad to hear it. I hate utility bills and how unexpectedly high they can be. I especially hated living with roommates who didn't mind getting them really high, just for the sake of having it a little cooler.
2	I just found out that my girlfriend has been cheating on me. God this is the worst week of my life. [SEP] I feel really sorry for you. Will you be okay? [SEP] I don't know, its weird just sitting at home and knowing she isn't here.	I don't know, its weird just sitting at home and knowing she isn't here.	I hope everything works out for you.
7	Today I came across an old diary that I wrote in when I was younger.  [SEP] How does it hold up now? [SEP] Its holding up pretty good! :) looks brand new still lol 	Its holding up pretty good! :) looks brand new still lol 	well that is good, that seems rare!
7	I am pregnant and so excited! [SEP] congrats, what are you having ? [SEP] two boys! twins!	two boys! twins!	wow that is great, good luck, your gonna need it with twins!
7	I am happy to have my girlfriend of almost 3 years, she is amazing!	I am happy to have my girlfriend of almost 3 years, she is amazing!	Good for you, healthy relationships are the best part about life!
2	I have a coworker that plays their music so loud I can hear it from their headphones. I keep asking them to turn it down but they keep cranking it back up. [SEP] That must make you angry. Can you report him? [SEP] Ive asked my manager to say something. Hopefully that happens Monday. I cant take it anymore.	Ive asked my manager to say something. Hopefully that happens Monday. I cant take it anymore.	I understand. Hopefully he fixes it for you.
0	I am so mad at my best friend.  She won the lotto last week. [SEP] Wow! How much was it? [SEP] a Half Million... can you believe it??	a Half Million... can you believe it??	I'd be mad too. You don't think she will share it with you
7	I am excited about today my friend [SEP] What happened? [SEP] I studied so long for my test and now I am ready	I studied so long for my test and now I am ready	Good, make sure you take your time and do your best
3	i walked in to the bathroom at work after someone used it  [SEP] uhoh.  I hope it was ok. [SEP] oh no it stunk and they clogged the toilet. 	oh no it stunk and they clogged the toilet. 	ewww thats so gross.  I hope you didnt have to clean it up
1	I asked my friend to get some stuff for a party, I knew I could count on him though. [SEP] How many people are you expecting? I hope he pulls through. [SEP] About 50 people roughly, I have no doubt he will pull through though.	About 50 people roughly, I have no doubt he will pull through though.	Wow that sounds like a big shindig! I bet everyone is going to have a great time, good for you!
7	I was disappointed not to get a job I interviewed for.	I was disappointed not to get a job I interviewed for.	Wow!  Never mind, the best is reserved  for the last
3	My friend got an advance signed copy of a book by my favorite author.	My friend got an advance signed copy of a book by my favorite author.	That is awesome who is your favorite author hopefully you can meet that person now.
3	was very sad to hear of my friends passing [SEP] I'm sorry for your loss. That sa to hear. [SEP] Thank you.  He was a really good man. 	Thank you.  He was a really good man. 	It must be really tough. It will get better.
6	Last weekend I went car shopping at my local BMW dealership and saw someone leaving in a brand new i8! I want that car so bad!	Last weekend I went car shopping at my local BMW dealership and saw someone leaving in a brand new i8! I want that car so bad!	Sweet! Wouldn't mind one myself. What do they cost new?
5	I was pretty upset tonight. My friend canceled plans on me [SEP] Did they have a good reason? [SEP] None that they told me	None that they told me	Well maybe you can reschedule and do something even more fun
7	At a shop, a seller was lying about the prices of the items that he was selling. [SEP] I hate when they do that [SEP] Me too. I notice the price tags. I left and I not coming back there again.	Me too. I notice the price tags. I left and I not coming back there again.	That is probably best
3	I went into that test last week knowing i was going to ace it! [SEP] Wow, you must have been pretty confident then. [SEP] yes i was	yes i was	I hope you did your best and got the grade you wanted.
1	I am so mad at my bank. they somehow thought to charge me for a credit card i didn't want. [SEP] That is not good. Did they give you back your money?  [SEP] Yes but i had to spend a whole hour on the phone explaining why they were at fault.	Yes but i had to spend a whole hour on the phone explaining why they were at fault.	I would be upset too, they need to do their work properly.
2	My wife is due next month with our first kid! I feel prepared in becoming a responsible father!	My wife is due next month with our first kid! I feel prepared in becoming a responsible father!	Congratulation!  It is really smart to be as prepared as possible!  This baby will change your world!
4	When I was at gym, my pants has torn from behind. I felt bad about it. [SEP] Oh wow that sucks! Hope it wasn't too embarassing! [SEP] It was very embarassing. There was people looking at me and other laughing at me.	It was very embarassing. There was people looking at me and other laughing at me.	Oh wow I'm sorry! That's not cool, they would be hurt if people were laughing at them
5	My daughter recently finished potty training!  [SEP] Awesome. How old is she? [SEP] She is 2! I was happy to get this accomplished before she turned 3. My friends son is 3 and still isn't trained.	She is 2! I was happy to get this accomplished before she turned 3. My friends son is 3 and still isn't trained.	Great to hear she's progressing well.  Maybe she'll be motivation for your friends son.
4	My girlfriend broke up with me and i am quite upset	My girlfriend broke up with me and i am quite upset	I'm sorry to hear that. How long were you together?
8	I am terrified of spiders, one time I saw one on my wall and stared at it for hours to keep track of where it was  [SEP] What makes you so afraid of them? They do eat all the other creepy-crawlies, after all.  [SEP] It's all their legs and eyes...*shivers* just imagining it gives me chills up my spine!	It's all their legs and eyes...*shivers* just imagining it gives me chills up my spine!	True, they aren't a very visually appealing species. But at least they're more afraid of you, that's some consolation. 
4	My dog passed away a week ago. Feels different not having anyone to come home to	My dog passed away a week ago. Feels different not having anyone to come home to	Im so sorry. I know the feeling, Im really sorry!
0	Hello, how are you today [SEP] i am very good [SEP] Thats good! I'm doing okay over here. My sons biological dad just recently came and picked him up after not being around for a few months so Im doing my best to have faith he will be okay	Thats good! I'm doing okay over here. My sons biological dad just recently came and picked him up after not being around for a few months so Im doing my best to have faith he will be okay	don't worry, I think everything will turn out right and your fears will disappear
4	I had to give a speech at work and I forgot what I was going to say. [SEP] Oh no! That's an extremely common thing to happen. Did you recover? [SEP]  I stood there mute for a full 3 minutes before having to step away unfortunately.	 I stood there mute for a full 3 minutes before having to step away unfortunately.	Sorry to hear that. You'll get it next time I'm sure!
0	I divorced my wife, I have no one to be with now. [SEP] Why did you guys get divorced? [SEP] I just couldn't stand her stealing all my money.	I just couldn't stand her stealing all my money.	Well, then it seems like it was a good choice.  Next time around you will know more what to look for before getting married.  I hope you find someone that matches up better with you.
4	I was heartbroken when my grandma passed away, I was not equipped to handle that [SEP] How'd she pass away? [SEP] From cancer, it is very common in my area	From cancer, it is very common in my area	Sorry to hear that
6	I worked so hard this semester, but I overslept for my final exam.	I worked so hard this semester, but I overslept for my final exam.	were you able to make it up?
0	I just got to college and am terribly homesick. I miss my house and my parents.	I just got to college and am terribly homesick. I miss my house and my parents.	I know the feeling. I lived far away from my parents in college. It does get better.
4	Today, I lost my wallet. I am mad at myself.	Today, I lost my wallet. I am mad at myself.	I am so sorry to hear it! 
2	My good friend doesnt have a car right now. I lent him mine to use in the evenings to get to work. [SEP] You must be a savior to him, is he paying you for that? [SEP] He is just a good friend and I know he would do the same if I were in that position. I know he will treat my vehicle very carefully. 	He is just a good friend and I know he would do the same if I were in that position. I know he will treat my vehicle very carefully. 	Very true, I hope he knows how lucky he is.
6	So lately my most fun experience I've had was when the Capitals won the Stanley cup finally.	So lately my most fun experience I've had was when the Capitals won the Stanley cup finally.	That is exciting when your team wins, have you always been a hockey fan?
7	I know this upcoming electionis going to change the state of our union. [SEP] We will see. Don't worry so much. [SEP] I'm not worried. Im optimistic.	I'm not worried. Im optimistic.	Good for you. I like a positive attitude.
3	I recently quit a really bad job, but I didn't have another job lined up [SEP] I lost my job, so I know how you feel. It is tough not have a source of income.  [SEP] It definitely is. It took a huge leap of faith	It definitely is. It took a huge leap of faith	Sometimes you got to just do it and hope and pray all comes out like it should, and it usually does. 
8	So i yelled at my girl once and now thinking back it was so dumb of me to do that., [SEP] Emotions run high - we all say things we don't mean. What happened? [SEP] She had a bunch of medical bills and she never saved money most the time. I just got annoyed about it.	She had a bunch of medical bills and she never saved money most the time. I just got annoyed about it.	Honestly, you got to pick one or the other. I can see how you were frustrated, but I'm glad you realize you shouldn't have yelled.
7	i really wanted to get pregnant but month after month it didn't happen [SEP] Hmm maybe it's not your time yet...I'm sure you'll get there [SEP] i'm getting up there in years so i'm kind of at the end of the line. i suppose it may not meant be to be	i'm getting up there in years so i'm kind of at the end of the line. i suppose it may not meant be to be	I wish you abundant joy, success health and wealth in all areas of your life.
0	A mommy deer got hit by a car in front of my house and her two babies keep hanging around looking for her. I'm afraid they're going to go in the road like she did and get killed. Ugh. [SEP] That is so sad, humans made a huge impact on animals lives in that sense [SEP] Oh I know, I see dead animals way too much. It's terrible. I hope they make it , they seem to be eating on their own at least.	Oh I know, I see dead animals way too much. It's terrible. I hope they make it , they seem to be eating on their own at least.	It makes me feel sick as well, I hit a bird once and almost cried
0	I'm really scared of going in for interviews, I always get too nervous and clam up [SEP] Oh I totally hear you there. You cant just like be yourself, and not that being yourself is bad or anything [SEP] Yeah, trying to impress someone in such a short time, I just can't represent myself very well I guess	Yeah, trying to impress someone in such a short time, I just can't represent myself very well I guess	Yeah me either. Once people get to know me its fine but usually people dont like me when they first meet me. idk!
6	I was supposed to mail off a check to pay a bill today and I forgot to put it in the mail when I left for work. [SEP] uhoh, I hope they dont have a late fee or anything attached to it [SEP] I have a couple of more days but, its cutting it close.	I have a couple of more days but, its cutting it close.	make sure you do it when you get home
4	I was in a bad spot when my mom passed away randomly a few years ago	I was in a bad spot when my mom passed away randomly a few years ago	I am sorry to hear about that. What happened?
2	I broke my phone today. [SEP] That's no good. How did that happen? [SEP] I got in a heated conversation and threw it lol	I got in a heated conversation and threw it lol	Dang. Well I bet that really worked to get your point across haha
5	I am feeling a bit sad since my wife left for a trip this weekend. My dog is keeping me company.	I am feeling a bit sad since my wife left for a trip this weekend. My dog is keeping me company.	I am sorry, maybe you can hang out with some friends
2	i got to see my favorite guitar player live in action today [SEP] That is so cool. You are so lucky to have been able to experience that. [SEP] i am . he never goes on tour	i am . he never goes on tour	I hope you enjoyed every minute of that. It sounds like a once in a life time experience.
2	I saw someone who was making much more money than me doing a the same thing as me but a very bad job. But I still wished I was on their place and paid as much [SEP] I know what you mean, maybe ask if the place is hiring?  [SEP] Yeah well I'm online entrepreneur so it's more complicated. I don't want to charge as much at the same time. They're kind of scamming people but I still felt envious, then got over it.	Yeah well I'm online entrepreneur so it's more complicated. I don't want to charge as much at the same time. They're kind of scamming people but I still felt envious, then got over it.	ohh okay I see, yeah that is a difficult situation. I hope it works out for you and best of luck buddy! :)
7	There's a battle of the bands going on. I hope my favorite band gets so far [SEP] Wow, that sounds exciting! [SEP] It's been really fun. So nice to see so many people rock it out.	It's been really fun. So nice to see so many people rock it out.	I love a good rock concert!
4	I had to put my dog to sleep and it was super stressing! :( 	I had to put my dog to sleep and it was super stressing! :( 	oh no. I'm sorry to hear that.
6	I'm going out of town next week, I think I have everything ready.	I'm going out of town next week, I think I have everything ready.	Did you remember extra underwear and your toothbrush?
5	I saw someone put chocolate on their nachos.	I saw someone put chocolate on their nachos.	That should be a crime!
1	got pulled over last night for going 25mph over the speed limit.	got pulled over last night for going 25mph over the speed limit.	That is a bummer.  On the bright side you probably won't do that again!
2	My daughter was in a play and she had a singing part! [SEP] That's awesome, I was in Chorus as a kid. Did she nail it? [SEP] She did I was so proud i almost cried!	She did I was so proud i almost cried!	Hopefully they made a taping of it for you to have.
8	I saw a school of dogs cross the street together. [SEP] what happened? [SEP] The got to the other side safely. Not sure where they were headed.	The got to the other side safely. Not sure where they were headed.	Good, nothing happened.
5	I am upset the Jonas Brothers broke up. [SEP] They did!  That is so terrible! [SEP] Yes, I cried for weeks when I found out.	Yes, I cried for weeks when I found out.	I'm sorry, maybe they will get back together.
5	I don't want to go on this Tinder date. Nothing good will come of it.	I don't want to go on this Tinder date. Nothing good will come of it.	Don't be so negative about it. Maybe you'll really like the person.
6	I am so pissed off at my co-worker [SEP] Why?  What happened?? [SEP] He got the promotion I had my eye on.	He got the promotion I had my eye on.	That stinks.  Are there any other possibilities for advancement coming up?
8	Didn't mean to break his glass but I totally did. [SEP] What kinda glass? [SEP] It was a mug his father gave him, I was playing with my dog and I knocked it over.	It was a mug his father gave him, I was playing with my dog and I knocked it over.	He'll probably be upset, but I'm sure he'll come around. It was an accident.
3	Met with my friend who I haven't seen in 4 years. Feels like we never left each other [SEP] Isn't it amazing how true friendship stands the test of time and distance? [SEP] Yea, it is. Good friends are really hard to find.	Yea, it is. Good friends are really hard to find.	That's so true! I live 700 miles away from my best friend and when we get together it's just like old times.
4	I get sad when I think about my parents. They have been gone for a few years now	I get sad when I think about my parents. They have been gone for a few years now	Sorry to hear that what do you do to try and stay enlighten and happy when thinking of them?
0	I have a girlfriend, and I would never cheat on her [SEP] That is an amazing thing. Being cheated on is one of the worst things that can happen when ones enters a bond like a relationship. [SEP] I agree, I am not sure how people can do that to each other	I agree, I am not sure how people can do that to each other	I am sure that you two will have a happy and loving life together especially if she reciprocates your desire to never cheat. 
5	When I met my friend for coffee this morning, I had indigestion. I passed gas and it smelled terrible. [SEP] Why didn't you walk away lol [SEP] Oh, believe me, I would've walked away if I could've. I was so embarrassed.	Oh, believe me, I would've walked away if I could've. I was so embarrassed.	You should of try to let it out slowly.
7	I was in the grocery store and my 3 year old blurted out, "Mommy, why is that lady so round?" I was mortified. [SEP] Oh man, kids can be terrible about things like that.  They just have no filter.  What did you do? [SEP] I just peeked back at the lady and I couldn't tell if she had heard or not but she was fairly close.  I know, usually I can catch them before they say something but not this time.  I just said loudly, "Honey, don't say things like that."	I just peeked back at the lady and I couldn't tell if she had heard or not but she was fairly close.  I know, usually I can catch them before they say something but not this time.  I just said loudly, "Honey, don't say things like that."	Well, that's the best you can do, is teach them what's appropriate and what isn't.  I think you handled it well.
5	My friend canceled on me for a concert last minute. Now I have to go alone, it's a bummer, I was looking forward to hanging out with her. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. It's really horrible when a friend backs out at the last second. [SEP] Yeah, maybe I can sell the ticket but the concert is tonight so I doubt it.	Yeah, maybe I can sell the ticket but the concert is tonight so I doubt it.	There's always scalpers outside of concert venues. That could probably work.
2	A few months before having my first kiddo, we decided to buy a car. It did very well during the initial inspection, but within a month, it needed several thousand dollars in repairs! [SEP] Wow! Do you think whoever inspected it missed something or 3? [SEP] Absolutely. The problems should have been easily located by a mechanic. It was so hard and I was livid. We sold the car because we were so frustrated with it.	Absolutely. The problems should have been easily located by a mechanic. It was so hard and I was livid. We sold the car because we were so frustrated with it.	I bet. I wouldn't want to get stuck with a money pit either. I hope your state has a lemon law.
8	I remember when money used to be worth something. [SEP] That is true [SEP] Those times are certainly missed.	Those times are certainly missed.	I missed those days too
4	Her mum has cancer [SEP] whos mom? [SEP] My wife's 	My wife's 	im sorry to hear that.
0	I took my kids to a play area I used to go to as a kid. As I was there, I remembered all the good times that I had there. It was very sweet to remember. 	I took my kids to a play area I used to go to as a kid. As I was there, I remembered all the good times that I had there. It was very sweet to remember. 	Ah, that's lovely! I have such fond memories of running around in parks as a child. I don't think young people today really understand the value of just running around and playing.
3	my friend always speeds down the interstate for no reason at all  [SEP] That can be dangerous. [SEP] i keep warning him but he does not listen	i keep warning him but he does not listen	I hope no one gets hurt
4	I am jealous of my coworker, he is super smart and athletic [SEP] No need to be jealous, I am sure you are much better than him in certain areas. [SEP] I have not found one yet, but at worst it inspires me to try harder	I have not found one yet, but at worst it inspires me to try harder	I am sure you are much happier at home than he is...lol.
6	I am jealous of my best friend.  She just had a baby.	I am jealous of my best friend.  She just had a baby.	Are you baby crazy?  Let me guess.. 30-ish?
8	Lakers getting Lebron was impressive	Lakers getting Lebron was impressive	I saw that.  It was pretty crazy!
7	I got a promotion at my new job	I got a promotion at my new job	Congratulations! Is this your first ever promotion?
8	I pulled out of my driveway during a horrendous rain storm and accidently ran over my neighbors cat	I pulled out of my driveway during a horrendous rain storm and accidently ran over my neighbors cat	Oh my gosh! It isn't your fault!!!
1	I have seemingly gotten everything in life that I have wanted or needed. I am quite happy with how things have turned out. [SEP] That's so great!  You seem quite content. [SEP] I am.  I have nothing to really complain about and am grateful for that!	I am.  I have nothing to really complain about and am grateful for that!	That's so cool.  I think I would feel the same way, except I was dumb in my 20s and still have student debt!  lol
1	Something really great happened when I was eating with a friend earlier. [SEP] Oh yeah what was that?  [SEP] When we finished eating my friend gave me a gift as a token of our friendship. It was really sweet.	When we finished eating my friend gave me a gift as a token of our friendship. It was really sweet.	That is super sweet of them! So nice. 
1	My family is always there for me when I've needed them.	My family is always there for me when I've needed them.	That's what family is for!
8	Have you ever think you've seen a ghost?	Have you ever think you've seen a ghost?	I have seen things I can't explain. I didn't stick around to ask, I ran. But afterwards I was thinking it was a ghost. 
0	My daughters helped out when my Mom was sick without me having to ask. It made me feel really good [SEP] Good for them for taking the initiative and helping the family. [SEP] That's the part that I was so impressed with. 	That's the part that I was so impressed with. 	You must of done something right in raising them. 
1	We've had so much rain lately. The ground got saturated and knocked some trees over. They took out a lot of my neighbors yard [SEP] How scary!  I hope your neighbors are ok. [SEP] Yeah they are fine, thank you. What's amazing is the tree removal service were on it immediately and got much of the debris up.	Yeah they are fine, thank you. What's amazing is the tree removal service were on it immediately and got much of the debris up.	That is great, at least there was something positive!
6	I tried spincah alfredo for the first time the other day.	I tried spincah alfredo for the first time the other day.	how did you like it?
0	When I got back from vacation, most of my garden was dead. My roommate promised me she would water it! [SEP] I will go out on a limb and say she didn't hold up her end, hope you get your garden back bright and beautiful [SEP] I hope so too. I was just so mad... All the work I put into my garden was destroyed. Now, I just need patience	I hope so too. I was just so mad... All the work I put into my garden was destroyed. Now, I just need patience	I understand the frustration a good garden takes time and patience, I have no doubt you will grow it back better than before
1	My son hit his first homerun last night.	My son hit his first homerun last night.	Wow, great! you must be so proud!
6	I lost the shoes my friend bought me.	I lost the shoes my friend bought me.	were they expensive shoes?
8	So i felt bad once because i broke my parents fax machine. What made me feel bad even more he got angry.	So i felt bad once because i broke my parents fax machine. What made me feel bad even more he got angry.	well he did have a right to be angry (depending on how you broke it ofc)
0	I hate when people move in late at night	I hate when people move in late at night	OMG I know! It's impossible to sleep :( I'm sorry that happened to you.
7	My boss gets paid much more than me [SEP] what do you plan to do about it? [SEP] I'm going to leave and find a better job.	I'm going to leave and find a better job.	thats a good plan
6	I lost all my money in one of my bank accounts. [SEP] WHAT HAPPENED?? DID YOU EVER GET IT BACK?!? [SEP] No the bank told me there was no way to get it back.	No the bank told me there was no way to get it back.	did they have an explenation on what happened?
1	I do not like the dark., [SEP] There are a bunch of people who really don't! I don't get really why people are afraid of it, though. [SEP] It is just the fact I can not see.	It is just the fact I can not see.	Yeah, I guess I can see why that would frighten some people.. Nightlights work wonders!
2	My friend was supposed to meet me at my apartment so we could eat at Starbucks.  But she ended up wanting a full body back rub.  It was a nice change of plans.	My friend was supposed to meet me at my apartment so we could eat at Starbucks.  But she ended up wanting a full body back rub.  It was a nice change of plans.	Oh, that's...interesting. That does sound like a nice change of plans, not only because Starbucks not seem that fun anyway. Hopefully she returned the favor?
2	I have meditated nearly every day this year. It was my new years resolution. [SEP] Nice! Did it help you become less stressed? [SEP] Yes! It is surprising how much it has helped me considering how neurotic I can be.	Yes! It is surprising how much it has helped me considering how neurotic I can be.	Dang, well I hope you can continue your goal of meditating every day!
3	Ok, buckle up this one's sad. My fiance died when i was 18 [SEP] What happened? [SEP] It was an accidental OD but, I still feel like I could've saved her	It was an accidental OD but, I still feel like I could've saved her	Dang, that is very unfortunate.
6	I feel sort of bad. [SEP] For what? [SEP] I want to end a friendship of over ten years	I want to end a friendship of over ten years	Why is that?
8	We are going to Disney world in December! [SEP] i'm sorry. i know how that feels. [SEP] It is going to be amazing! What do you mean?	It is going to be amazing! What do you mean?	your previous conversation. no worries. I love Disney haven't been in 10 years but i love it
8	I felt pretty alone last week. All of my friends were busy [SEP] Thats never fun. Hope you can make time with them next week. [SEP] I am going to try for sure	I am going to try for sure	Good, friends are worth trying repeatedly for.
1	Do you ever just feel trapped.  Its so aggravating	Do you ever just feel trapped.  Its so aggravating	I have felt that. It always sucks feeling like you can
6	My wife passed away about a year ago, now I have no family in my life. [SEP] Im sorry to hear that. How did she die? [SEP] She was in a car accident.	She was in a car accident.	Oh wow! That stinks. How are you holding up?
3	I got a retro video game system the other day. [SEP] Oh cool! Which one did you get? [SEP] It was a Super Nintendo Mini. It really took me back to my childhood days.	It was a Super Nintendo Mini. It really took me back to my childhood days.	Wow, I just got the NES one.  They are so nostalgic.
1	Something smelled really bad at work the other day. We found an old moldy rotting sandwich in a coworkers desk. [SEP] Jeez, wonder why they left it there for that long? [SEP] I have no idea. We found it after she left. It was really gross. I wonder if her house is that nasty?	I have no idea. We found it after she left. It was really gross. I wonder if her house is that nasty?	Who knows, that's a waste of a good sandwich though!
0	I feel like vomiting when I walk into a public restroom and it smells like manure. Some people haven't had a gram of fiber in their life [SEP] I am sorry, that sounds gross [SEP] I know right? What's worse is when people pee all over the rim or ground	I know right? What's worse is when people pee all over the rim or ground	I hate that smell
6	So my first day of college my girlfriend decided to break up with me. This is after 3 years of dating.	So my first day of college my girlfriend decided to break up with me. This is after 3 years of dating.	Why did she break up?
1	My father bought me a new car, despite saying the day before that he would not buy it for me! [SEP] Wow, that's really nice of your father! What type of car did he get you? [SEP] yea I was so surprised! He got me a Mazda! 	yea I was so surprised! He got me a Mazda! 	That's nice that you can depend on your father.
6	I am really worried I will let my father down.	I am really worried I will let my father down.	Why would you think that?
1	This time of year reminds me of when my dad would pile us all up in his Pinto and take us on vacation. [SEP] That sounds like a very fond memory that brings back a lot of nostalgia. Where would he take you? [SEP] He would take us to the beach and we would collect seashells to sell at his fruit stand on the side of highway 233.	He would take us to the beach and we would collect seashells to sell at his fruit stand on the side of highway 233.	That sound so relaxing. I wish I had parents to do that with.
6	I lost the shoes my friend bought me. [SEP] were they expensive shoes? [SEP] Yea, they were. He worked a lot to get them for me.	Yea, they were. He worked a lot to get them for me.	What shoes were they?
7	I am getting a good business this year from office.  [SEP] Very nice. I am sure you deserve it. [SEP] thank you!! i can't wait to spend the bonus. So excited	thank you!! i can't wait to spend the bonus. So excited	Good for you. Buy yourself something special.
1	I knew I was going to get the promotion I was up for.	I knew I was going to get the promotion I was up for.	Congratulation. Good job.
1	Over the past year, I gained a ton of weight and never realized until it was too late. I feel like I really let myself down. I always said I'd never let myself go.	Over the past year, I gained a ton of weight and never realized until it was too late. I feel like I really let myself down. I always said I'd never let myself go.	Hey, It's never too late. Unless you can't exercise at all there is always a way to start. 
0	Hello! I just got a new neighbor who seems very nice. I have to leave town for a bit, and they offered to watch after my pets. I'm going out on a limb doing this but I've accepted their offer. [SEP] That sounds risky but at the same time if it works out convenient!  [SEP] Yeah the convenience is certainly weighing heavily on my decision making, but they seemed nice and they have pets of their own. I hope it works out.	Yeah the convenience is certainly weighing heavily on my decision making, but they seemed nice and they have pets of their own. I hope it works out.	I am sure it will be fine!  It's not like you don't know where they live haha
6	I made an authentic peruvian dish the other day. it was awesome!  [SEP] I love peruvian food! What did you make? [SEP] I made lomo saltado ( i hope i spelled that right lol ) it turned out great. i love south american food 	I made lomo saltado ( i hope i spelled that right lol ) it turned out great. i love south american food 	That green sauce with the cilantro and the jalepenos is the best! What is lomo?
2	my fantasy football draft is tomorrow, i am looking to win it all for the third time!	my fantasy football draft is tomorrow, i am looking to win it all for the third time!	That is wonderful. i do hope that you will win
0	I am looking forward to my wedding date! Of course you are also invited! :) 	I am looking forward to my wedding date! Of course you are also invited! :) 	Oh that is definitely something to be excited about!
4	i bumped into a car while reversing, i had to wait long to talk to owner of the other car	i bumped into a car while reversing, i had to wait long to talk to owner of the other car	Oh no, that's terrible. Sorry you had to deal with that.
4	I was expecting some help from a coworker but he didn't keep his word. Before, I held him in high esteem. Not anymore.	I was expecting some help from a coworker but he didn't keep his word. Before, I held him in high esteem. Not anymore.	That is disappointing. I am sorry
2	I feel guilty as a parent because I don't like to part in a lot of my children's school activities [SEP] Sometimes it just gets a little overwhelming. There can just be too much going on at once, especially if you have more than one child. [SEP] Exactly as I'm always busy but feel like a bad parent as most of the other kids have there parents there.	Exactly as I'm always busy but feel like a bad parent as most of the other kids have there parents there.	You just have to do what is best for you and your family. One day your kids will understand, especially when they have kids of their own and have so many other things going on.
3	I got lost in an unfamiliar city last night.	I got lost in an unfamiliar city last night.	That is scary! Hope you did not find yourself in the bad part of town
4	Me and some friends went to the movies one time and one of them started to panic in the theater. It really scared me until I realized why.	Me and some friends went to the movies one time and one of them started to panic in the theater. It really scared me until I realized why.	sorry about that. what was happening
3	My friend said they wanted to talk to me and didn't sound like their usual on the phone. [SEP] what did they want to talk about [SEP] I don't know. I'm kinda worried.	I don't know. I'm kinda worried.	ah i hope it turns out well for you
0	I watched the first season of one of my favorite childhood shows in only two days just recently. 	I watched the first season of one of my favorite childhood shows in only two days just recently. 	oh well, whats the show. i know for sure you would have enjoyed it again
4	My dog passed away and I cried.	My dog passed away and I cried.	I am so sorry. You must be heartbroken.
5	My friend's life before was really starting to get bad until he turned it around.	My friend's life before was really starting to get bad until he turned it around.	Maybe they found a lover to share life with.
5	I find it difficult to be around a crowd. [SEP] Oh really? Does it make you anxious? [SEP] I feel very anxious and feel as though all eyes are on me.	I feel very anxious and feel as though all eyes are on me.	That's a bad outlook, you should stay positive!
7	About to take my driver's license test in a few days. Been practicing for a while now. I know I'm about to smash it	About to take my driver's license test in a few days. Been practicing for a while now. I know I'm about to smash it	Good to hear you're confident! I'm sure you'll do well if you've been studying.
1	My friend signed us up for belly dancing classes.  I really want to go, but I'm a little bit scared [SEP] Oh, it sounds like fun! I'm sure you'd have a great time.  [SEP] I'm hoping I'll get over my fear and go	I'm hoping I'll get over my fear and go	Lots of people do that nowadays. I think you would be happy you went. 
8	I always forget my password on websites	I always forget my password on websites	You need to write them down!
5	I stole 100 bucks from an elderly woman yesterday. [SEP] Shame on you! What did you buy? [SEP] I bought 100 cheeseburgers from McDonald's. I shall eat like a king for the rest of my life!	I bought 100 cheeseburgers from McDonald's. I shall eat like a king for the rest of my life!	You should have bought ramen lol
0	I'm perfectly fine with being single at the moment. It gives me a lot of clarity and time to self-reflect.	I'm perfectly fine with being single at the moment. It gives me a lot of clarity and time to self-reflect.	Me too. I can focus on myself for a while
6	My wife and I have been together for 5 years	My wife and I have been together for 5 years	Gratz. What's the secret?
0	I should be asleep right now! It's the weekend	I should be asleep right now! It's the weekend	Same here, though it is the summer for me.
3	I was babysitting for my daughter and she didn't come back until 1 am! [SEP] Whoa, that's pretty darn late! Did you ask her why she was out so long? [SEP] I did and she really didn't have any good excuse. Just being inconsiderate.	I did and she really didn't have any good excuse. Just being inconsiderate.	Well, that's frustrating. Hopefully next time she'll think more about how her actions affect you.
1	We're getting a new coworker next week. We've been so short staffed. [SEP] that always stinks, i hate being short handed  [SEP] We might finally get to home on time next week.	We might finally get to home on time next week.	man that will be great, working long shifts aint fun
0	A man in our community was hit by a drunk driver the other night while walking his dog, he didn't survive. It's very heartbreaking. [SEP] That is so sad!  I would be so mad at the drunk driver!  How could he live with himself! [SEP] Who knows, I hope he gets the book thrown at him!	Who knows, I hope he gets the book thrown at him!	I agree!  There is no excuse for that to have happened!  Such a tragedy!
6	I had my first real drink back in October with some of my friends and I was really nervous about it.	I had my first real drink back in October with some of my friends and I was really nervous about it.	Why were you nervous about it? Usually drinking means to loosen up and have fun.
8	I am such a sap. [SEP] Why do you say that [SEP] I keep everything my kids make for me. I am running out of room	I keep everything my kids make for me. I am running out of room	Thats just being a good parent
5	Every night, around midnight, I hear terrible noises coming from the woods outside of my home. [SEP] That sounds scary. I couldn't sleep with that. [SEP] Believe me, I'm up for hours after I hear those noises. I wonder what it is; what do you think?	Believe me, I'm up for hours after I hear those noises. I wonder what it is; what do you think?	Perhaps it's deer? That's what it's been in my experience.
1	I am going to do scuba lessons in a couple weeks.  For some reason I am really nervous about it. [SEP] dont be nervous, your instructors will not put you in danger [SEP] I hope so!  Drowning is the worst way to die in my opinion!	I hope so!  Drowning is the worst way to die in my opinion!	i cant argue with that lol
1	My daughter competed in her first cheerleading competition last week. She did so good and her team got second place. [SEP] Thats wonderful! Congrats [SEP] She has worked really hard at her routines. I was beaming with pride!	She has worked really hard at her routines. I was beaming with pride!	Well that is wonderful! I would be proud as well
1	I work a lot, but I'm not worried. My wife is amazing and would never cheat on me.  [SEP] That is good. I am glad to hear that you are comfortable with life. [SEP] Yeah I'm a really lucky guy!	Yeah I'm a really lucky guy!	I am sure your wife feels that she is the lucky one.
7	Im feeling a little bad about what I did maybe I shouldnt maybe I should idk.  [SEP] I'll be the judge of that [SEP] My wife and I both needed new phones, but I could only afford 1 and I ended up buying 1 for myself. I am going to buy her one in a few months but I still feel real bad about it.  [SEP] That's nothing. As long as you still get her a phone. I wouldnt be mad [SEP] Yeah but I can feel the tension! 	Yeah but I can feel the tension! 	Well give her the new phone and then you get one later. Happy wife happy life
3	I had to go to the hospital for minor surgery last week. I wanted a friend to come support me. But I wasn't able to find anyone available. That was somewhat annoying. [SEP] Oh no that's annoying indeed. [SEP] Yes it really was.	Yes it really was.	I'm sure they wanted to be there though. Hopefully they are thinking of you.
2	My dog went to the bathroom all over my new carpet and now I have to get it cleaned! [SEP] That's no good!  Sorry about the rug. is she still a puppy? [SEP] Yes she is. And very, very un-potty trained. I have some major work to do with her	Yes she is. And very, very un-potty trained. I have some major work to do with her	I'm sure she'll learn quickly, and she'll be a good dog then!
8	I recently was in a situation at work where I had a colleague take credit for months of my work, and go out of their way to tell my boss and others in a committee that I actually held the team back. [SEP] Ugh I hate crap like that.  Why can't credit be shared?  Does it always have to be so cutthroat? [SEP] Honestly, I'm indifferent as to how it's shared. Later, my boss actually sat me down and told me they knew my colleague was out of line. Ironically, their contract with our company was up two weeks later and they weren't renewed. 	Honestly, I'm indifferent as to how it's shared. Later, my boss actually sat me down and told me they knew my colleague was out of line. Ironically, their contract with our company was up two weeks later and they weren't renewed. 	Well All's well that ends well.  I'm sure glad they were able to see through such a cheap ploy.
2	There was a similar situation when I was trying to catch a softball and ran smack dab into a fence.	There was a similar situation when I was trying to catch a softball and ran smack dab into a fence.	Ouch, I bet that must have hurt!
5	Yesterday I got so drunk, I shouted at my wife and made a mess in my house.	Yesterday I got so drunk, I shouted at my wife and made a mess in my house.	Oh no! You should never lash out on people while drunk, the worst of things can happen under the influence.
2	I should be receiving a bonus for how well I have been doing at work. 	I should be receiving a bonus for how well I have been doing at work. 	Wow, I hope you do get a nice bonus. Sounds like you work pretty hard.
5	I really like my friend's Chanel bag, but I would never spend that much money on an accessory	I really like my friend's Chanel bag, but I would never spend that much money on an accessory	Maybe she will let you borrow it. Or maybe if she gets a new one she will give it to you.
7	Sometimes I'll forget to feed my dog. I can't help but feel bad about it...	Sometimes I'll forget to feed my dog. I can't help but feel bad about it...	That's not good at all
7	I took a statewide licensing test last week. I had to study really hard for it. But in the end I was rewarded quite well. I got the highest score in the entire state! [SEP] That is amazing, did it lower your insurance rates too? [SEP] No it doesn't affect my insurance rates in any way.	No it doesn't affect my insurance rates in any way.	That is a bummer, but congratulations on the highest score, that is something to be proud of. 
5	I moved out of my parents house and into my own apartment. [SEP] that's really good! Huge step :) How do you like your new place? [SEP] It is very different without anyone around. It's too quiet.	It is very different without anyone around. It's too quiet.	Maybe you could get a pet? 
7	I just moved to a new city. i am looking forward to having a new start. 	I just moved to a new city. i am looking forward to having a new start. 	Congratulations! It's not easy moving to a new place, but it's great fun getting to know your new home!
7	I recently moved to my dream location, but it sucks not knowing anyone. 	I recently moved to my dream location, but it sucks not knowing anyone. 	congratulations! I know, it probably feels lonely. Maybe you should do a party at your house and invite all the neighbours
8	i hate hearing of people cheating, i couldnt imagine cheating on my wife	i hate hearing of people cheating, i couldnt imagine cheating on my wife	Well you're a good man. Not many of yall out there these days.
5	Yesterday we went hiking to the mountain and I didn't tell a friend we were going even when I knew she likes to come with us. [SEP] Oh wow. Did your friend do something to upset you or something like that? Or were you just wanting some alone time? [SEP] No, it was just because last time she was very slow and we had to wait for her, but of course I now feel bad about it.	No, it was just because last time she was very slow and we had to wait for her, but of course I now feel bad about it.	Well everyone has their pace. Maybe the next time you go you can invite her but take more time. It's fun, either way!
4	My girlfriend dumped me yesterday.	My girlfriend dumped me yesterday.	sorry to hear that.
0	I was at a work dinner and I wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. By mistake, it fell. I felt bad about it.	I was at a work dinner and I wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. By mistake, it fell. I felt bad about it.	Mistakes happen! I am sure people aren't too upset. I have numb hands so I drop things all the time
0	I ate an entire gallon tub of ice cream earlier. [SEP] Whoa! How are you feeling from it now? [SEP] I can't move.  I feel so guilty for my lack of self-control.	I can't move.  I feel so guilty for my lack of self-control.	It's okay to give in to cravings every now and then.
7	because in my family is very innocent about all (ex:to handle the regular work and school) still i am to rained in my family and me also learn about that [SEP] I'm not quite sure what you are telling me, but handling work and school is certainly hard [SEP] be sure to train about to the next generation to way of good things	be sure to train about to the next generation to way of good things	I suppose. Training the next generation is important
7	I got a lot of vacation time off from work this summer. [SEP] That must have been so relaxing! [SEP] Yes, it felt really good. I'm already looking forward to next summer! haha	Yes, it felt really good. I'm already looking forward to next summer! haha	I wish summer would never end.
0	i am loyal to my wife and i'll always be.	i am loyal to my wife and i'll always be.	That's an amazing attitude. Not many people are like that nowadays.
4	We just had a giant storm roll through this week. So much rain and lightning. The ground got so saturated that a tree fell down in my yard. [SEP] Wow! I hope it didn't cause a lot of damage, I have a bunch of very tall trees in my yard as well. [SEP] Unfortunately it did. It fell right on my shed and absolutely flattened. I have insurance but the shed had a lot of tools in it that held kind of a family heirloom value to me.	Unfortunately it did. It fell right on my shed and absolutely flattened. I have insurance but the shed had a lot of tools in it that held kind of a family heirloom value to me.	That's terrible I'm sorry to hear that. I'm also glad you have insurance.
0	I quit my job recently, which was great. But I didn't have time to tell my good friend before leaving. I feel so bad now.	I quit my job recently, which was great. But I didn't have time to tell my good friend before leaving. I feel so bad now.	Im sure they understand. That is a tough position to be in.
6	Yesterday I was not at all patient with my little brother.	Yesterday I was not at all patient with my little brother.	Really? Why you should have been patient.
3	I just finished my college exam to see if I pass. [SEP] Did you study a lot for it? [SEP] Yes, But I still maybe failed.	Yes, But I still maybe failed.	Well I hope not, I am sure you passed!
8	maybe you shouldn't have gone in that room.  [SEP] Why? what is in that room? [SEP] The smoke you did not like because it reminded you of you're fathers smoking habit.	The smoke you did not like because it reminded you of you're fathers smoking habit.	The same habit that I took up
3	I rented Thor: Ragnarok recently and was really let down. It just wasn't what I expected.	I rented Thor: Ragnarok recently and was really let down. It just wasn't what I expected.	Oh no I hope you didn't spend much on it 
3	I brought my car to the garage for a simple oil change last week. When I went to pick it up they had done $600 of repairs. I can't believe it! [SEP] You can't believe they did it without asking or that the car needed the repairs? [SEP] The car was a 2014! I didn't think it needed much of anything, I told them they were crazy and that I wasn't paying it!	The car was a 2014! I didn't think it needed much of anything, I told them they were crazy and that I wasn't paying it!	Wow I hope everything works out for you!
7	I am really looking forward to my special dinner with my partner! Our ten year anniversary is coming up!	I am really looking forward to my special dinner with my partner! Our ten year anniversary is coming up!	That's fantastic! Congratulations! Is it at a restaurant or home prepared?
1	My daughter just came into the world this past weekend. [SEP] that is incredible! congrats is she your first? [SEP] Thank you! Yes, she is!	Thank you! Yes, she is!	its so awesome to have a child! my son is a little over a year
6	I went to the post office earlier and it was closed.	I went to the post office earlier and it was closed.	Oh no, did you go on time? 
2	My friend fell on hard times, so I let him borrow my brand new car so he can get to work.	My friend fell on hard times, so I let him borrow my brand new car so he can get to work.	That is incredibly kind of you, I hope he is a good driver :)
5	My buddy just came to work showing off his big new tundra. [SEP] Oh cool!  Is he going to let you drive it?  lol [SEP] Ha no, but I'm still super happy with my little old Tacoma!	Ha no, but I'm still super happy with my little old Tacoma!	Maybe you can swap Toyotas for a day :D
6	I lent my car to my 17-year-old sister today. She left at 10 in the morning and it's midnight, and she still isn't back with it. I trust her mostly, but she hasn't been driving for long, and it makes me nervous thinking of her out there on the road	I lent my car to my 17-year-old sister today. She left at 10 in the morning and it's midnight, and she still isn't back with it. I trust her mostly, but she hasn't been driving for long, and it makes me nervous thinking of her out there on the road	Did you call her? I hope she's ok!
0	I was very envious when my brother got this cd before I did. It was from my favorite band	I was very envious when my brother got this cd before I did. It was from my favorite band	I understand.
0	I hate seeing anything about people hurting children	I hate seeing anything about people hurting children	I hear you. Sometimes the realities and brutal nature of the world is hard to learn and know about. Almost makes you want to be ignorant to it all. Did you recently encounter this?
4	I'm really close with my sister, but it turns out she is moving out of state in September.	I'm really close with my sister, but it turns out she is moving out of state in September.	Ah, I'm sorry to hear that, is it for work or something else?
1	I was pretty happy over the weekend I got to smoke a cigar and read some comics	I was pretty happy over the weekend I got to smoke a cigar and read some comics	It sounds like you had a really good time!
0	I'm going to an amusement park tomorrow for the first time and I can hardly wait! [SEP] Whoa awesome! Really you've never been? Which one are you going too? [SEP] Busch Gardens in Williamsburg.  I have been studying up on what to do once I get there and it all looks amazing.  I don't know what to do first!	Busch Gardens in Williamsburg.  I have been studying up on what to do once I get there and it all looks amazing.  I don't know what to do first!	Whoa! Make sure to bring money for food or bring frozen drinks. And lots of sunscreen and comfy shoes!
3	My grandmother is the sole reason I am where I am today. [SEP] Aww, my grandmother was really there for me, too, I'm lucky. What makes you feel that way? [SEP] She took care of me my whole life,  put me on the correct path	She took care of me my whole life,  put me on the correct path	That is awesome, grandmas are the best. Hopefully your grandma is still with us?
3	The other day at work when I was in the elevator I realized I had an extra-button from my shirt unbuttoned,  [SEP] Oh geez, I know how that is. How long do you think it had been that way? [SEP] I am not sure I just wondered about that and who were the people I had met.	I am not sure I just wondered about that and who were the people I had met.	That's pretty interesting. Well, I hope you get that all sorted out!
7	I had an interview the other day. It went so well	I had an interview the other day. It went so well	Congratulations on that. Hope you have landed the job? Did you?
3	It is transparent  [SEP] What is transparent, may I ask? [SEP] The voting process	The voting process	Thats good. Hopefully there was not any rigging!
4	I got a special present last year! [SEP] ooooh what was it , and how did it make you feel ? [SEP] It was a new gaming system! I didn't think I would get it but it was wrapped with everything else!	It was a new gaming system! I didn't think I would get it but it was wrapped with everything else!	i love video games , from nintendo to ps4 ive owned them all , im happy for you
7	My friend got a hole in one the other day.  It was just his second time ever playing golf!  Talk about unexpected.	My friend got a hole in one the other day.  It was just his second time ever playing golf!  Talk about unexpected.	Good for him! The only time I've ever gotten a hole in one in golf is on a video game. 
1	I was amazed at how beautiful san sebastian was when I went for the first time [SEP] what is that ? a town? resort? [SEP] It's a city on the north coast of Spain. Near the French border. The Spanish royal family have a summer palace there.	It's a city on the north coast of Spain. Near the French border. The Spanish royal family have a summer palace there.	oh wow that sounds like a wonderful place
8	I was to check my name on the list of students that passed, I got so tensed [SEP] oh yeah, did you end up passing? [SEP] I passed, but it was not easy for me, because the exam so so difficult	I passed, but it was not easy for me, because the exam so so difficult	I remember those day's and do not miss them
6	I recently retired from my job.  Now I stay at home all day but my wife still does most of the chores.  I feel as though I should be doing more.	I recently retired from my job.  Now I stay at home all day but my wife still does most of the chores.  I feel as though I should be doing more.	That's rough. Why do you think it is that you don't do more?
8	I remember one night I was hanging out with friends, and got a phone call that the ambulance was at my parents home.  [SEP] What happened?!? [SEP] I found out he had a stroke due to the heat ( also his breathing problems COPD ) 	I found out he had a stroke due to the heat ( also his breathing problems COPD ) 	Oh no, that's never good. Is he doing fine now/
0	I was walking out of the kitchen yesterday and I spilled my bowl of cereal all over myself. [SEP] Were able to save any of it [SEP] Yes I saved a small amount and added more. I get bothered by my clumsiness.	Yes I saved a small amount and added more. I get bothered by my clumsiness.	It happens to all of us
7	Sincererity is key to frendship [SEP] Absolutely, i can't imagine being betrayed by a friend. [SEP] Yes,even me,that is why i love being sincere	Yes,even me,that is why i love being sincere	The best virtue in life.
3	Wow, I just found out the craziest thing [SEP] What did you find out?? [SEP] My old babysitter when I was younger was only 3 years older than me.  She messaged me on Facebook and were going on a date this weekend	My old babysitter when I was younger was only 3 years older than me.  She messaged me on Facebook and were going on a date this weekend	Oh wow, are you excited?? I would assume so if you agreed to go on a date.  I hope you guys have a great time!
6	I had to speak at a meeting at work and spent a week drafting up my speech. Because of this I performed well.	I had to speak at a meeting at work and spent a week drafting up my speech. Because of this I performed well.	Seems like this speech was very important to you, why?
2	I can't wait to go to college. I have been waiting for years and have worked hard for it.	I can't wait to go to college. I have been waiting for years and have worked hard for it.	College is so much fun, you will love it!
6	I was confident my brother was going to finish college. He was doing so well in his major [SEP] What happened? [SEP] He aced a few tests and just seemed to be doing well	He aced a few tests and just seemed to be doing well	Nice! What is his major?
8	When I hear the song "Walking In Memphis" I'm whisked back to vivid memories of watching "Sesame Street" with my mom in our Hong Kong apartment, fun picnics on the beach, and stuffed animals in my room...guessing they must have played that song a lot back then [SEP] That is such a beautiful memory to have. I love that we forever have moments like this... How cool Hong Kong!  [SEP] Thanks :) I had a pretty happy childhood...how bout you, do you have a song that triggers memories?	Thanks :) I had a pretty happy childhood...how bout you, do you have a song that triggers memories?	I do actually quite a few mainly old country songs like daddys hands is a big one super oldie! :) 
2	Why? What's going on on Friday? [SEP] Any plans for Friday? [SEP] I am leaving for vacation! I can't wait!	I am leaving for vacation! I can't wait!	That's awesome! I bet these next few days will fly by
0	I was angry in the supermarket this week [SEP] How come? What made you so angry. [SEP] People were letting their kids run wild when it was really busy. 	People were letting their kids run wild when it was really busy. 	Ugh I dislike parents who are so irresponsible with their kids in public
6	So I forgot my dad's birthday. I feel kinda bad about it. [SEP] Oh well you can celebrate it a couple days late, it's fine [SEP] Yeah, I don't think he's too bothered about it. I'm mostly angry at myself for forgetting.	Yeah, I don't think he's too bothered about it. I'm mostly angry at myself for forgetting.	Don't worry, just appreciate him everyday
3	I'm finally going to get to talk to a girl I contacted onine [SEP] That sounds fun! Do you have a first date planned? [SEP] haha I hope I get a date! We're just talking first.	haha I hope I get a date! We're just talking first.	Ah okay, good plan. I'm sure she will go out with you. Just don't sound too desperate. 
2	I missed my good friend's birthday party last month because I was too busy and forgot. [SEP] That's such a shame! Were you honest with your friend, and did they forgive you?  [SEP] I was honest, they were still upset which makes me feel bad. I tried to make it up to her.	I was honest, they were still upset which makes me feel bad. I tried to make it up to her.	If she is that good a friend, I'm sure she'll forgive you soon enough. 
2	My sister graduated with a Master's degree	My sister graduated with a Master's degree	wow, good for her! I'm sure she worked really hard to get a degree
0	I was waiting on my best friend to come over so we could watch a movie but she did not show up. [SEP] I'm sorry. I now that must have been a let down. Can you guys reschedule? [SEP] I tried to reschedule but somehow it did not work out. I felt bad. [SEP] I bet you did. Hopefully you can do something with her soon. [SEP] I am still trying, hopefully we will get together soon.	I am still trying, hopefully we will get together soon.	I'm crossing my fingers for you.
0	My girlfriend is going to work overseas. We've never been apart for more than a couple of days. [SEP] What do you plan on doing while you're alone? [SEP] Probably hitting the gym a lot. Maybe learn something new.	Probably hitting the gym a lot. Maybe learn something new.	You are an inspiration to me. I need to hit the gym.
6	I was really excited when Friday came	I was really excited when Friday came	What's going on on Friday? 
7	I am sure I will get this house clean tomorrow	I am sure I will get this house clean tomorrow	goodluck!
5	I keep heading a noises coming from my attic [SEP] Uh oh!!!  Better go investigate! [SEP] Well, I think there's a family of squirrels living up there. I'm not worried about it, but it's keeping me from falling asleep.	Well, I think there's a family of squirrels living up there. I'm not worried about it, but it's keeping me from falling asleep.	Yeah that would suck.  You should throw some peanuts or corn up there.
3	I had a fly in my house all day yesterday. [SEP] Flies are the most annoying bugs to have in the house. Finally did you get rid of it? [SEP] My wife finally swatted it out of the air, but it drove us crazy.	My wife finally swatted it out of the air, but it drove us crazy.	Let's hope no more flies infiltrate your home!
2	i think the chargers will be very good this year.  [SEP] Is that a football team?  I'm sorry, I'm not a sports fan.  Are they your favorite team? [SEP] yep it is, and yes they are!	yep it is, and yes they are!	I hope they perform well this year then!  It's always nice to have a winning team.
2	I cry every time I think of my grandmother. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. Why do you think that is? Is it a painful or happy memory? [SEP] I am just sad she isn't alive anymore.	I am just sad she isn't alive anymore.	I can understand that. That does sound like a difficult thing to deal with. Hopefully you have a lot of nice memories you can look back on to remember her by.
7	i'm so happy with the life i have i'm honestly blessed [SEP] Thats pretty cool...what's the number one thing you're most grateful for [SEP] my husband and the life we've made together	my husband and the life we've made together	That's great, I'm thankful for my self-employed status and all the money I'm making for my future family.  Wish y'all the best
3	MY ex sent me a gift for my birthday [SEP] What did she send you as a gift? [SEP] he sent a really nice necklace. I hope he doesnt want to get back together	he sent a really nice necklace. I hope he doesnt want to get back together	I hope not too, you'd be better off keeping it.
6	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my door	Did they leave a note or anything?  I would be really upset too.  Were there any cameras that could have seen who did it?
6	Lady Luck is the only woman in my life who hasn't failed me yet (besides my mom lol)...I see a lot of good things in our future together $$$$$$ [SEP] Whys that? [SEP] Because my life is the epitome of that Drake song blessings on blessings on blessings ;)	Because my life is the epitome of that Drake song blessings on blessings on blessings ;)	Excellent
5	My daughter and I had a conversation recently about extending her curfew. I need to believe that she is going to act responsibly.  [SEP] Was there something that she had done in the past that made you think she wouldn't? [SEP] There isn't but you know, kids can be kids, and might make a mistake they wouldn't have before.	There isn't but you know, kids can be kids, and might make a mistake they wouldn't have before.	Maybe if you start off with a small extension, you can see how it works before you go with a longer one, kind of like increasing a credit card's limit.
1	I recently read a really good bock. It was so inspirining.  [SEP] That's awesome, reading is my favorite past time as well.  What book? [SEP] Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy. Its such a great book!	Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy. Its such a great book!	Oh I've read that, That is a really good book, I even enjoyed the movie as well.
5	Just moved to a new city, new work, and I've got no friends. [SEP] Have you tried making any? [SEP] I have, but it's pretty tough with my schedule.	I have, but it's pretty tough with my schedule.	maybe try going out to concerts or clubs or sporting events, somewhere you can find people with common interests
1	The soccer ball of my neighbor kids keep landing in my yard. It is very frequent. [SEP] Take the knife and destroy it the next time it lands. That way they will learn a valuable lesson [SEP] I should probably do that. I sometime think that they are doing that in purpose.	I should probably do that. I sometime think that they are doing that in purpose.	Kids can be annoying and such outcomes can teach them on how to properly behave
7	WIsh that did happen to you, better luck next time.	WIsh that did happen to you, better luck next time.	I always have the worst luck. 
5	My friend has this habit of getting too drunk and losing her mind on every vacation we go on. I'm thinking about canceling the one we have planned in a few weeks. [SEP] You should to them before you do that [SEP] Maybe but it will turn into a fight	Maybe but it will turn into a fight	Well maybe should be civil
5	My brother likes ordering Hawaiian pizza (with ham and pineapple). I can't even watch him eat it. It makes me gag. [SEP] That does not sound good to me, either. I cannot stand pineapple! [SEP] I like it by itself, but not on pizza. That's so gross!	I like it by itself, but not on pizza. That's so gross!	I think it is too acidic for me.
6	My dog ran away yesterday. I was so ticked off!	My dog ran away yesterday. I was so ticked off!	Ah that's so terrible. Did you find him?
5	MY best friend said she was staying home last weekend. [SEP] was there a reason why? [SEP] She was lying. Someone tagged her in photos from a party. I don't know why she didnt invite me	She was lying. Someone tagged her in photos from a party. I don't know why she didnt invite me	maybe it was closed event. you speak to her about it?
0	I remember a time i got my first retail job. Was scared about the interview but after just taking a deep breath. I just felt like i owned the place.	I remember a time i got my first retail job. Was scared about the interview but after just taking a deep breath. I just felt like i owned the place.	I know that feeling, good for you!
2	I bought another pair of shoes today.  [SEP] What kind of shoes? [SEP] Converse. I was getting school shoes for the kids and I just had to get a pair for myself. 	Converse. I was getting school shoes for the kids and I just had to get a pair for myself. 	Converse go with everything too!
8	I am excited for baseball playoffs. Are you? [SEP] I watch it sometimes, It can be a little slow moving for my taste. [SEP] I love the Yankees.	I love the Yankees.	Are you from New York area. I'm a little farther south, but I do like them for sure. 
3	Just bought some luggage bags.  Getting ready! [SEP] I just got done traveling myself! There's no better feeling than the anticipating of traveling. I love airports, especially, because of all the people-watching and the general atmosphere. I hope your trip goes smoothly! [SEP] Hey thanks!  I've never flown before.  We're driving down to Florida in a couple weeks.  Should be about a 9 hour drive!	Hey thanks!  I've never flown before.  We're driving down to Florida in a couple weeks.  Should be about a 9 hour drive!	Oh, gotcha. My mix-up. Driving and road trips can still be just as fun. Kinda stinks if you're the only one driving, but at least you can come up with games to play. Plus.. it's cheaper. that's always nice.
3	I was cut off this morning on the way to work. It caused me to crash into the ditch. I am so mad. [SEP] Is the car terribly damaged? [SEP] I had to get it towed to the shop. We will see how bad it is. 	I had to get it towed to the shop. We will see how bad it is. 	I hope it will be ok. Were you late for your work?
4	My pet snake died	My pet snake died	Sorry to hear that. I hope you're not feeling too sad. 
5	I worried a lot yesterday. [SEP] What happened? I hope everything is alright and nothing really horrible happened [SEP] Yeah, everything is fine. But my favorite tea cup was broken.	Yeah, everything is fine. But my favorite tea cup was broken.	Come on. You should grow up. What a petty concern you have
5	I was born in the Philippines and living in America makes me value my heritage even more. [SEP] That is interesting, what things do you do while living in America to keep your heritage alive? [SEP] I read a lot of books and try to find other Filipinos to hang out with which is pretty hard	I read a lot of books and try to find other Filipinos to hang out with which is pretty hard	I would imagine that might be difficult, perhaps there are some online social groups you could join as well?
1	We took the kids fishing this weekend	We took the kids fishing this weekend	That sounds like a lot of fun!
2	Hi, I went to a park and I set on a bench. I didn't notice that my wallet felt. A man came to me from behind giving me back my wallet.	Hi, I went to a park and I set on a bench. I didn't notice that my wallet felt. A man came to me from behind giving me back my wallet.	Thats a sweet man, I hope you acknowledged his kind gesture. 
5	I feed the birds that come to my home everyday [SEP] Well that's nice of you to do that for them. I bet they enjoy the treat. [SEP] I hope so, too. I've been having to spread it on the grass though which is difficult for them to eat.	I hope so, too. I've been having to spread it on the grass though which is difficult for them to eat.	Maybe you could try putting it on a cute bird feeder so it'll be a little easier for them?
8	I was watching a show last night and the guy ate a live squid!	I was watching a show last night and the guy ate a live squid!	There is not enough money to get me to do that. My sister likes those kind of shows and I watch with her sometimes.
2	my friend ran away from her adopted parents. she told me nobody ever knew that they were very abusive. i feel so bad for her, i wanna help her but i don't know how [SEP] Oh that is such a tragic thing to hear. I'm so sorry. Where did she go when she ran away? [SEP] she went to a different state, i know she lives with her friend right now, so at least she is safe	she went to a different state, i know she lives with her friend right now, so at least she is safe	I am thankful for that! I'm glad she got out, I hope her future becomes bright.
3	I hate being single! It makes me so bitter seeing happy couples everywhere. I'm so sad... [SEP] I am sorry to hear that.Have you try dating APPS [SEP] Yes, but they seem to be filled with way better looking people. I am so sad.	Yes, but they seem to be filled with way better looking people. I am so sad.	Sometimes personality is better than looks
6	I wanted to take friday off but, I'm unable too. [SEP] Did you already make plans? [SEP] yes	yes	So what are you going to do? Reschedule?
6	My car was stolen last night!	My car was stolen last night!	Oh no! That is horrible! Did you get it back?
3	So I was finally convinced to try rock climbing this weekend for the first time.  I do not like heights at all.	So I was finally convinced to try rock climbing this weekend for the first time.  I do not like heights at all.	Are you nervous about it? Hope it goes well.
1	My wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws.  I have to work so I couldn't go with them.  I feel so alone now!   [SEP] Oh no! Two weeks is a bit long. Works sucks sometimes, huh? [SEP] Absolutely.  With three children, the house is always bustling.  It's so quiet right now.  	Absolutely.  With three children, the house is always bustling.  It's so quiet right now.  	Make sure to keep in touch!
5	As a kid, me and my friends would often try to find haunted houses in the old part of town. Can't quite explain that one night where I swear I saw something moving around in one of them. It felt and looked so real [SEP] I have had an experience like that. I do believe in ghosts. [SEP] I don't know what's more terrifying, whether it was a ghost or that there was someone still inside.. 	I don't know what's more terrifying, whether it was a ghost or that there was someone still inside.. 	Could be either!
8	 I almost gave away my steam cleaner because it was leaking all over the place. [SEP] Oh no! Have you looked up the user manual, or taken it to a repairman to get it fixed/ [SEP]  I decided to try and fix it which I did successfully. Yesterday I spilled my drink on the carpet and used my now fixed steam cleaner to clean up. glad I didn't get rid of it	 I decided to try and fix it which I did successfully. Yesterday I spilled my drink on the carpet and used my now fixed steam cleaner to clean up. glad I didn't get rid of it	That takes some real hard work to fix something like that. I am sure it came in handy for cleaning up that stain.
6	I recently had the chance to betray a friend of mine, but instead I stayed faithful.  [SEP] It's so good you stayed loyal, I think anyone would've appreciated a friend like you. [SEP] We can all hope. I think most people would've acted the same way. 	We can all hope. I think most people would've acted the same way. 	Yeah because faithfulness is what defines a true friendship, after all.
1	I have a vacation to the Bahamas coming up and I've been spending the past week packing all my belongings. 	I have a vacation to the Bahamas coming up and I've been spending the past week packing all my belongings. 	Bahamas is a nice Caribbean island, you must be really looking forward to it.
3	my cat died last week, and i can't get over it. [SEP] Oh I'm so sorry. Losing a pet is never an easy thing. [SEP] especially if that pet is the only things that you have.	especially if that pet is the only things that you have.	I hope you have some friends and family that you can rely on to cheer you up. I'm sorry about your cat and I hope you know you gave it a good life!
3	i got cut off today [SEP] oh no im sorry to hear that [SEP] yea i was quite mad	yea i was quite mad	it'll get better in time
4	My neighbor's kid just lost his eyesight. The whole family is devastated.	My neighbor's kid just lost his eyesight. The whole family is devastated.	O im sorry to hear that! How did it happen?
5	Can't believe he marked me wrong on that test. [SEP] That's terrible! How long did you study for it? [SEP] I studied for a week, it was my final exam.	I studied for a week, it was my final exam.	I bet you put a lot of effort into it. Maybe you could talk to him and plead your case to get him to reconsider.
2	how important is your work to you [SEP] I do love to work [SEP] great me too	great me too	I hope you work hard going forward
2	My brother got hit with a DUI the other night. His wife said that was the last straw, as she was tired of his drinking. She kicked him out and now he's living with me. I feel so terrible for everyone involved, especially because they have two kids [SEP] sorry to hear that, my brother has a drinking problem too, and has kids, i love him but at this point we are more focused on the kids , i tell him if you get locked up who is gonna raise the girls , of course we are but still they need a father  [SEP] Yeah, and you can never turn your back on family, even if they completely complicate your life.. It's a no-win situation. The kids probably prefer to stay in the original situation, even though it's not healthy and safe, because they just don't understand.. just a big head ache. I'll do what I can, but who knows how much that will be.	Yeah, and you can never turn your back on family, even if they completely complicate your life.. It's a no-win situation. The kids probably prefer to stay in the original situation, even though it's not healthy and safe, because they just don't understand.. just a big head ache. I'll do what I can, but who knows how much that will be.	all you can do is stay positive , all we can hope is our brothers will one day wake up before its to late 
4	I had picked up a sandwich the other day, and I saw a hair inside the sandwich!  [SEP] Ugh that's so gross! Did you complain? [SEP] Yes, I took the sandwich back to get a refund. It was so gross!	Yes, I took the sandwich back to get a refund. It was so gross!	Good to hear that you got your money back, at least.
6	I was able to up my average amount i can bench press the other day!	I was able to up my average amount i can bench press the other day!	What am amazing feeling that must be!  Did it take you a long time?  Must have felt so satisfying.
3	We decided not to hire a roofer and do this thing on our own [SEP] That sounds cool.  So you are fixing it yourself? [SEP] Yep. We are. Hopefully, Youtube pulls through.	Yep. We are. Hopefully, Youtube pulls through.	Best of luck with that.  Hopefully you will do fine and save a ton of cash.
7	I just got my very first new car! [SEP] Wow, congratulations! Did you save up a long time for it? What kind of car is it? [SEP] I feel like I saved forever, it's a camary. [SEP] I love that model, man I'm jealous. I bet it was agonizing to have to save and resist the temptation, but wow it's so worth it now, huh? [SEP] It's totally worth it. It's the first car I've had that wasn't used.	It's totally worth it. It's the first car I've had that wasn't used.	You are going to love that thing for a long time, seriously congratulations!
2	My girlfriend got me concert tickets to see my favorite band. I had no idea she did that for me. I thought the tickets were sold out. [SEP] What band? That was very thoughtful or her.  [SEP] Phoenix. Yea she kept it a secret that she was able to get them when I failed.	Phoenix. Yea she kept it a secret that she was able to get them when I failed.	Awesome, I hope you have a great time at the concert. 
8	I cooked for family last week and it tasted pretty bad. I know they noticed, but they didn't say anything.	I cooked for family last week and it tasted pretty bad. I know they noticed, but they didn't say anything.	Your family was being polite. If I did that my family would order a pizza, hah.
0	I'm going for some hot pot this weekend [SEP] That sounds so good! [SEP] It's pretty amazing! Just wish it wasn't so pricey lol.	It's pretty amazing! Just wish it wasn't so pricey lol.	I know right!  Asian food is pricey.
8	My husband took our girls on a father-daddy day trip the other day. [SEP] how sweet. what did they do on their special day? [SEP] They went to Six Flags - I had no idea how quiet it would be around the house with them gone.  I'm not so sure I liked it though.	They went to Six Flags - I had no idea how quiet it would be around the house with them gone.  I'm not so sure I liked it though.	i get that. i wish we had children so my husband could do that.
0	I am so happy to rekindle my relationship with my parents	I am so happy to rekindle my relationship with my parents	Connecting with the people that mattered the most makes me super excited
5	Everyone applauded me [SEP] That must feel amazing! What did you do to deserve the recognition?  [SEP] I cleard my papers 	I cleard my papers 	Was this at the office? Or perhaps at school?
3	I recently had my friend watch my house while I was on vacation.	I recently had my friend watch my house while I was on vacation.	You must really trust them. I hope it turned out well.
7	I was happy to see my friend got engaged [SEP] oh congratulations to your friend! [SEP] Yeah! They've been dating for a couple years so it's a happy time for them now	Yeah! They've been dating for a couple years so it's a happy time for them now	I wish them the best! Have fun at the wedding!
6	I got into an argument with my mom since we really need money and she wants me to get a job.	I got into an argument with my mom since we really need money and she wants me to get a job.	Aww.  How do you feel about that?
8	i was at work and when i went out to my car there was a meowing sound [SEP] I know where this is going lol [SEP] do you know? i thought so too [SEP] So it wasn't a kitten? [SEP] i wish! here i am looking all over for a kitten under my car or in the wheel well or up in the engine. but nooooooo! [SEP] What was it? [SEP] a freaking bird squaking about that sounded like a baby kitten in distress.	a freaking bird squaking about that sounded like a baby kitten in distress.	There were some burds fighting under my car once and I thought it was cats.
1	A really young guy hooked up my cable yesterday. [SEP] Are you a guy too? I bet you were envious of his looks and age hahah [SEP] Haha. No I was just impressed that he did such a good job, and so quickly. He was pretty cute too	Haha. No I was just impressed that he did such a good job, and so quickly. He was pretty cute too	Nice, I bet it was super fast!
3	Went back to my old town. Met a lot of my friens from childhood [SEP] That sounds like a happy homecoming! Or was it bittersweet? [SEP] A bit of both. I miss them and glad we got to catch up.	A bit of both. I miss them and glad we got to catch up.	That's a great feeling. Knowing you *can* go home again ;-) Hopefully they can come visit you, too!
8	My cat sat on my bag right after she came out of her litter box, gross [SEP] I'm sorry, but that made me laugh a little bit. I've never been able to get into the idea of cats as pets just because they're so independent and determined to do whatever the want. Doesn't seem like they can listen to any direction you try to give them. [SEP] It's true, she doesn't listen to a thing I say, but I just love her so much, she has such a sassy personality	It's true, she doesn't listen to a thing I say, but I just love her so much, she has such a sassy personality	Yeah, it works for some people. I'm glad it works for you. I like my pets to be a little more needy and affectionate, but sometimes sassy can be really fun and keep things interesting and lively.
8	I had plans to go out with friends the other night and then my mom called me to tell me she was having all our family over for dinner and I was expected to be there. I told her about my plans and she said to change my plans. She does not understand. [SEP] So, did you go to her dinner, or do what you had planned? [SEP] I went to the dinner and then left a little early to go out. She wasn't happy, but maybe next time she will plan better.	I went to the dinner and then left a little early to go out. She wasn't happy, but maybe next time she will plan better.	I find that they don't respect you until you start telling them no.
8	I never know my girl friend is so noticed in the society until she won the most beautiful girl in her city [SEP] Oh wow. so she's kind of famous it seems [SEP] oh yeah. I am so proud of her. She will be proceeding to compete at the state level	oh yeah. I am so proud of her. She will be proceeding to compete at the state level	that's amazing. My mother was also a beauty contest winner when she was 18.
3	a while back when my girl friend left me  i was a little bummed out about it for a while , everything was different for me	a while back when my girl friend left me  i was a little bummed out about it for a while , everything was different for me	That's not cool, I hope you find someone new.
4	Hi, I had a car crash today.. [SEP] Oh gosh! Are you alright?  [SEP] Yes, but my car is messed up now. :(	Yes, but my car is messed up now. :(	Oh man! I'm so sorry to hear that. 
6	Without my coach, I would be nothing.	Without my coach, I would be nothing.	I would be too. What kind of couch do you have?
0	Maroon 5 songs remind me of my high school dances and hot girls I was too chicken too talk to at the time hahaha [SEP] Well dang man. It's never too late! Just hit her up on the ole Facebook! [SEP] You're absolutely right...but these days it's not such a problem haha	You're absolutely right...but these days it's not such a problem haha	I am sure you two will be having babies in no time if you hit her up right this instant!
7	I have a test tomorrow.	I have a test tomorrow.	Good luck. Get enough sleep.
1	I am so proud of my son. He just graduated college last month! [SEP] That is outstanding news. You must be a great parent to raise a son who got through college. [SEP] Yes I am so happy for him!  He finished in just 3 years too!	Yes I am so happy for him!  He finished in just 3 years too!	Great that he finished early!
1	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door [SEP] ah man i could imagine, especially if they didnt stay and let you know  [SEP] yea no note or anything	yea no note or anything	thats terrible, people these days are ruthless
8	I walked in on my buddy and my girlfriend in each others arms [SEP] Thats sucks [SEP] I was just hurt really.  How could I fall in love so easy.	I was just hurt really.  How could I fall in love so easy.	If you did it that time, you can do it again. Just be careful
6	My kid took care of his little sister all by himself yesterday.	My kid took care of his little sister all by himself yesterday.	That is cute. How old is he?
6	The birds in my neighborhood all gather on my fence if I haven't feed them that day.	The birds in my neighborhood all gather on my fence if I haven't feed them that day.	What kind of birds are they?
3	So, my promotion results came out at work today. I wasn't very pleased. [SEP] Oh no. What happened? [SEP] I wasn't selected for the new job. Somebody better qualified than me snatched that promotion from my bare and deserving hands!	I wasn't selected for the new job. Somebody better qualified than me snatched that promotion from my bare and deserving hands!	Hopefully, another position opens up! I'm so sorry to hear that.
8	I do not know if it is stupid to do but i handed my things to a stranger to look out for it [SEP] What? why would you do that. [SEP] I just feel like he is the next person available and i asked for his help	I just feel like he is the next person available and i asked for his help	You are so bold. I can't do it.
5	I tripped at the gym the other day. I turned around and about five people saw me. I felt stupid. [SEP] I would have been so embarrassed! Hopefully you didn't get hurt at all [SEP] No it wasnt bad at all. I just looked like a bumbling buffoon. 	No it wasnt bad at all. I just looked like a bumbling buffoon. 	Could have been worse! 
3	Just came back from a job interview. Seem to hit it off with the interviewer. [SEP] That is great! Have you been looking for a job for long? [SEP] Yep. About half a year.	Yep. About half a year.	I bet it is a good feeling and are looking forward to hearing from them. 
4	My brother died, my heart is in pieces.	My brother died, my heart is in pieces.	Aww.. I am so sorry for your loss. It is so hard to lose our loved ones. 
6	My dishwasher leaked and it damaged the floors and kitchen cupboards.	My dishwasher leaked and it damaged the floors and kitchen cupboards.	Man, that really stinks.  Did insurance pay to repair your floor and cupboards?
5	My decorating skilss are bomb yo [SEP] Ddi you take classes or something? [SEP] I just have a good eye.	I just have a good eye.	I think I have a good eye too.
3	I ate all the brownies I made. Let's just say I'm not too proud of my self control. [SEP] They must have been quite good. [SEP] Yeah, they were delicious, I'm ashamed I couldn't control myself! 	Yeah, they were delicious, I'm ashamed I couldn't control myself! 	I hope you have better control next time.
7	Tomorrow I have an interview for a new job. Never been so prepared in my life.	Tomorrow I have an interview for a new job. Never been so prepared in my life.	Nice. Good luck with that. You are interviewing for which position?
7	I just had to pass all of my classes to graduate.	I just had to pass all of my classes to graduate.	congratulations!
4	My pet iguana Ricado just die. I miss him.	My pet iguana Ricado just die. I miss him.	Aw I am sorry to hear that. I'm sure he was a good pet.
1	I was on the bus today and some little kid was picking his nose and eating it. [SEP] Eww, thats gross! Poor kid needs to learn some manners! [SEP] Yes, that's what I was thinking. I almost thew up.	Yes, that's what I was thinking. I almost thew up.	I bet, I would have had to look away!
5	My parrot doesn't talk anymore.   [SEP] Oh. Do you know why? [SEP] No, I am so sad thinking about it.	No, I am so sad thinking about it.	Maybe it needs some company. I read that parrots like to have another bird around.
3	a while back when my girl friend left me  i was a little bummed out about it for a while , everything was different for me	a while back when my girl friend left me  i was a little bummed out about it for a while , everything was different for me	That's not cool, I hope you find someone new.
6	I'm waiting to hear back about a promotion at work	I'm waiting to hear back about a promotion at work	What type of work do you do?
2	My daughter recently got a spot in headstart for this year and I'm excited. [SEP] That is awesome!  DO yo have to pay for Headstart? [SEP] No , it is a free so that is another plus!	No , it is a free so that is another plus!	That's great.  My daughter is 3, so I hope I can get her into a program like that!
4	I had so many bad dates recently. I just know my next one is gonna be great. [SEP] I hope it is - do you have any funny experiences from the bad ones? [SEP] I told a guy I was afraid of zombies and he laughed so hard I just wanted to go home.	I told a guy I was afraid of zombies and he laughed so hard I just wanted to go home.	I'm sorry to hear that. You'll find somebody good soon!
5	It looks like we are going to have to cancel our Labor Day plans. [SEP] Oh no! Why? [SEP] Well, his boss told him that he's going to have to work over the holiday instead and that he can't have the time off.  I'm kinda heartbroken over it, it was our only planned vacation this year.	Well, his boss told him that he's going to have to work over the holiday instead and that he can't have the time off.  I'm kinda heartbroken over it, it was our only planned vacation this year.	That sucks, maybe you guys can plan something for another weekend before it gets cold. I'm sure it will be cheaper too.
1	I get so frantic when I am late for appointments. I had an eye doctor appointment and was 15 minutes late.  [SEP] what ended up happening [SEP] I thought the eye doctor was going to be upset, but they were fine with it. 	I thought the eye doctor was going to be upset, but they were fine with it. 	oh thats cool
4	My boyfriend cheated on me while I was away visiting family. I was very angry and upset	My boyfriend cheated on me while I was away visiting family. I was very angry and upset	Sorry to hear about that. Did you ask him to move out of the house?
8	My mom is going to Peru, I wish I could go with her. She's so lucky [SEP] thats awesome, why cant you go with her, are you busy? [SEP] I couldnt get time off from work sadly	I couldnt get time off from work sadly	that sucks, I wish i didnt gave to work so much either, I just want to travel.
8	I've been working a great new job the past month and can finally afford a nice apartment. I feel great. [SEP] That's great to hear. Summer is a good time of year to be enjoying your life. [SEP] Yeah, I feel on top of the world these day!	Yeah, I feel on top of the world these day!	I've been thinking a lot about when I was a kid recently.
8	I was so let down. I did not get any presents for my birthday.	I was so let down. I did not get any presents for my birthday.	That is horrible, but I've been there myself.  It's hard to not be upset about it.
5	My ten-year-old cat died a few weeks ago. I still can't believe he's gone. [SEP] Im sorry to hear that. Tell me a fond memory you have of him/her. [SEP] Thanks. Whenever he wanted to come back into the house, he would call and I was the only person who seemed to hear him. I think we were connected, lol	Thanks. Whenever he wanted to come back into the house, he would call and I was the only person who seemed to hear him. I think we were connected, lol	Yeah each cat has their own personality. It's good to reflect on little things like that. Maybe once the sting of all of it is over you can get another one and continue to create more sweet memories like the one you just shared with me.
7	I am waiting for my blood test results. I am very stressed about it. [SEP] That must be very difficult to have to wait for results. I hope they come back and everything is fine though. [SEP] I hope also. I hate to have to wait.	I hope also. I hate to have to wait.	Yes, that is not fun at all. I've been there and it's hard not to think about anything else. I really wish you the very best
6	My son started writting. He is three years old. He is making so much progress. [SEP] Wow! That is awesome! [SEP] I keep helping him to pratice. It is really awesome.	I keep helping him to pratice. It is really awesome.	Will he be in school this year?
7	I am sure I will get this house clean tomorrow [SEP] goodluck! [SEP] Thank you.  I don't know why I never complete the job I start	Thank you.  I don't know why I never complete the job I start	yea i think we have all been there
4	My old cat is very sick.	My old cat is very sick.	I'm sorry to hear that.  How old is the cat?
6	Last year I was so excited to be moving.	Last year I was so excited to be moving.	oh well, where did you move?
3	Tomorrow, I will be evicted from my appartment. I don't know what to do.	Tomorrow, I will be evicted from my appartment. I don't know what to do.	Oh no :(  I hope there's someone you can stay with
5	I went to an old part of town and these guys really scared me.	I went to an old part of town and these guys really scared me.	Oh no, next time you should bring a friend to be safe.
7	Last night was great I sat in the hot tube and it was so nice [SEP] That sounds like sooo much fun! I want to get a hot tub someday.  [SEP] Yeah is helped get rid of all my stress	Yeah is helped get rid of all my stress	That is good. It's not good to be stressed. 
6	It's going to be a very challenging school year for my daughters.	It's going to be a very challenging school year for my daughters.	Oh no, why is that?
5	i was upset when i saw my dog was missing [SEP] Oh no, I hate that [SEP] yea, he gone.	yea, he gone.	Maybe he comes back or you find him
7	I work as a self-employed transcriptionist. I told my client I'd have work done this week, but my university classes also started this week... and things kind of got away from me, and they won't be done. I'm worried he's going to just tell me he'll have someone else do them, and I'll lose his business.	I work as a self-employed transcriptionist. I told my client I'd have work done this week, but my university classes also started this week... and things kind of got away from me, and they won't be done. I'm worried he's going to just tell me he'll have someone else do them, and I'll lose his business.	Yeah well you only have so much time to work with. Time management is one of the most important skills you can learn.
1	I just knew my daughter could pull it off! [SEP] pull what off? [SEP] She  is normally a D student but worked really hard and got the A B honor roll!	She  is normally a D student but worked really hard and got the A B honor roll!	wow, that is so nice. you both should be really happy
3	had to leave my kids with my grandma ,my hubby and I went to Bahamas for the summer holiday [SEP] That sounds like fun. Sometimes its good to get away without the kids. I'm sure they are having  a blast at grandma's house. [SEP] Yes very important	Yes very important	I hope you guys have a good time and are able to reconnect with each other in new ways.
2	Do you like watching movies or reading books? [SEP] I enjoy reading. [SEP] I love movies and I waited for the past 3 years for the Avengers for movie to get released. I was frantic when it made it to our theater I was overwhelmed.	I love movies and I waited for the past 3 years for the Avengers for movie to get released. I was frantic when it made it to our theater I was overwhelmed.	It's cool that you're such a fan though. I hope the movie lived up to your expectations.
0	I'm going through a lot right now. i usually don't like talking about it but i felt like i really need to talk it out. Yesterday my friend called me and i just started talking about everything. it felt good [SEP] Well, it is good you have a friend that is so close to you that you feel comfortable sharing with them.  [SEP] yes! i feel like we got closer to each other. i finally found somebody i can really trust	yes! i feel like we got closer to each other. i finally found somebody i can really trust	Trust is a hard thing to find, I am so glad you found this bond with this person.
5	Hi friend, guess what just happened that made me cry. [SEP] What's that? Hope it wasn't too bad! [SEP] I was all ready to go and see my favorite band and then the entire show was canceled.	I was all ready to go and see my favorite band and then the entire show was canceled.	Oh wow, what a bummer! Not that it makes it any better, but at least you're not alone. Maybe you'll get a refund?
3	I spend way too much money on food. [SEP] That's a tough one. Do you eat out a lot? That's usually the culprit. I had to learn how to cook for myself so I could afford to live. [SEP] I get food delivered several times a week. It's terrible.	I get food delivered several times a week. It's terrible.	Oh man, that's doubly terrible! Yeah, if you can, you should try to make a budget and get better at cooking for yourself. Huge money saver, but I'm sure you already knew that. I hope it works for you, though.
5	I just aet a whole pack of cookies [SEP] Oh my, do you feel content with all that sugar in your body? [SEP] Not really. I feel ashamed of myself	Not really. I feel ashamed of myself	Its okay, you should treat yourself every now and then!
3	My kids are doing everything but listening today! I guess the boredom that comes with summer break is getting to them.	My kids are doing everything but listening today! I guess the boredom that comes with summer break is getting to them.	Yeah, kids get crazy when they are bored.  Get them to read a book!
6	Made kimchi for the first time. Can't wait to see how it turns out. [SEP] I don't even know what that is lol [SEP] haha it's a Korean dish. Fermented napa cabbage.	haha it's a Korean dish. Fermented napa cabbage.	Sounds neat. Do you usually cook korean dishes?
4	I just got a new puppy last week and now he's dead.	I just got a new puppy last week and now he's dead.	Oh my gosh.  I am so sorry.  What happened?
8	I went to an Imagine Dragons concert this weekend and it was awesome! I don't regret going at all.	I went to an Imagine Dragons concert this weekend and it was awesome! I don't regret going at all.	I actually just discovered Imagine Dragons. I love them!
1	i was scared walking home last night [SEP] Oh no.  Did something happen? [SEP] i had to walk home in a dark wooded area	i had to walk home in a dark wooded area	Yikes!!  I bet that was scary!
8	I always tell the truth to the police. [SEP] That's a good thing. Lying to the police opens a whole world of trouble. [SEP] Yes, I do not like trouble.	Yes, I do not like trouble.	Especially if it involves going to jail.
8	My husband brought me a birthday present last month that I was very excited to receive [SEP] What did he buy you? [SEP] An iPhone 8!  I sooo needed a new one, I've been using a 5 for years and it would barely hold a charge.  I really like the 8.	An iPhone 8!  I sooo needed a new one, I've been using a 5 for years and it would barely hold a charge.  I really like the 8.	I have an iphone7.
3	I'm 30 years old and living with my dad still. I am broke. I've been single for years. I feel like I have nothing going for me while my peers are out kayaking.	I'm 30 years old and living with my dad still. I am broke. I've been single for years. I feel like I have nothing going for me while my peers are out kayaking.	I am sure it will get better
6	So I cosigned on my boyfriend's apartment a few year's back to make up for his horrible credit.	So I cosigned on my boyfriend's apartment a few year's back to make up for his horrible credit.	How did that work out?
0	i found out my wife has been unfaithful for the past 2 months [SEP] Oh my, I am sorry to hear that. are you angry at her? [SEP] i am beyond angry. its over and done	i am beyond angry. its over and done	I agree, you have done the right thing. I hope you find someone alot better than her.
6	i was upset when i saw my car door had a huge dent in it	i was upset when i saw my car door had a huge dent in it	I would have been too. How did it happen?
3	When my grandmother passed away, I was so heartbroken, I was not old enough to be prepared for it [SEP] I don't think we are ready at any age to lose someone we love. I am so sorry about your Grandmother. [SEP] Thank you very much , I appreciate it, and you are right, we are not ever really preapred	Thank you very much , I appreciate it, and you are right, we are not ever really preapred	Take it one day at a time. Remember grief does not have a timetable. 
7	I have to teach an in-service class at work next week. I am feeling a bit uneasy about doing it.	I have to teach an in-service class at work next week. I am feeling a bit uneasy about doing it.	OK,  calm down,  take a deep breath and relax 
5	I was disappointed by my manager when he told that I will probably get my promotion next year (not this year) [SEP] Ugh.. that seems like forever away.. can you try to get it sooner?  [SEP] No, I tried everything. It is like betrayed me.	No, I tried everything. It is like betrayed me.	Maybe consider looking for a new job in the meantime? Never hurts to stay ahead.. 
3	So early and all alone. [SEP] You're not alone. You've got me [SEP] Well that is nice.  How are you? [SEP] Good. I'm ful of beans [SEP] LOL.  Beans beans good for your heart...	LOL.  Beans beans good for your heart...	And they are a musical fruit.
7	I didn't put my blinker on and got a ticket for it. [SEP] aww man. Thats a silly reason to get pulled over. Did you try to talk to the police officer about it? [SEP] Yes, but he wasn't having it.	Yes, but he wasn't having it.	You might have better luck when you go to court about it. The judge should be understanding. Its a common mistake
6	MY lease is almost up on my tiny apartment	MY lease is almost up on my tiny apartment	What will you do next?
4	I didnt win the lottery last night.	I didnt win the lottery last night.	I am sorry to hear that. Their is always next time.
0	I loved going trick or treating with my daughter. It used to get me so eager and excited every year. [SEP] That's so good. How old is she? [SEP] She just turned 18. She doesn't like to trick or treat as much.	She just turned 18. She doesn't like to trick or treat as much.	I know how you feel. Congrats on raising a young adult
0	School is going to start in a few weeks. Not looking forward to it. [SEP] I'm excited personally, I guess you have to like your school and what you're studying. [SEP] Yeah, I do like it. It will be nice in some ways. But I'm not looking forward to having to write papers.	Yeah, I do like it. It will be nice in some ways. But I'm not looking forward to having to write papers.	I hate writing papers too. That's why I am an engineering major. Lol its still pretty hard though.
4	I was in a bad spot when my mom passed away randomly a few years ago	I was in a bad spot when my mom passed away randomly a few years ago	I am sorry to hear about that. What happened?
0	My dogs are like my children to me and I can't stand when they are outside to long! [SEP] Oh yes! I know your feeling. I see my dog as a child as well. [SEP] Its weird how much love you can have for something that can't even talk to you and not even the same species but I love my doggies so much.	Its weird how much love you can have for something that can't even talk to you and not even the same species but I love my doggies so much.	Right! It's like some kind of spiritual bond I think. It's a wonderful love to have!
6	I can't believe how great the Braves are playing.	I can't believe how great the Braves are playing.	What's the Braves?
2	One of my bestfriends was involved in a car accident that ended up being extremely bad.  [SEP] Oh no! Was anyone badly injured? [SEP] Yeah all of them were injured extremely, and his gf was actually killed in the passenger seat. 	Yeah all of them were injured extremely, and his gf was actually killed in the passenger seat. 	That's terrible. I hope your friend recovers.
1	I got home for lunch and found a bat outside on my front porch. It probably has rabies. Bats shouldn't be out during the day. [SEP] Doesn't rabies cause sensativity to light? Either way I would freak out... [SEP] It can but, it also causes anmails to behave erratically... like bats wadering around in the middle of the day.	It can but, it also causes anmails to behave erratically... like bats wadering around in the middle of the day.	Oh yeah, gotcha. I really don't like animals that are small and move quickly
7	Everytime I see my cat vomit on the floor it makes me sick to my stomach. [SEP] i think you have the same attitude like me. i really feel pissed off [SEP] Yea I hate having to pick it up afterwards	Yea I hate having to pick it up afterwards	the best way is to tame it well so that it will have good manners
3	I've been struggling all day. I had some carryout over the weekend and it's hitting me in the worse way. Very ill. [SEP] I am so sorry to hear that. Are you feeling nauseated?  [SEP] I was feeling worse earlier, with a lot of food poisoning like symptoms. I'm just now getting over the nausea. Sorry to gross you out.	I was feeling worse earlier, with a lot of food poisoning like symptoms. I'm just now getting over the nausea. Sorry to gross you out.	You're not grossing me out at all. I'm a Paramedic/Firefighter so it takes alot to get me squirming. I hope you feel better. Drink lots of Gatorade and water to rehydrate so you don't feel awful tomorrow and try to get your hands on some Zofran for the Nausea. 
1	My brother wont stop making fun of my pimple since morning. Ugh!	My brother wont stop making fun of my pimple since morning. Ugh!	That must be so frustrating
7	I have had so much to get together for my grad school application. [SEP] What school are you applying to? [SEP] I am applying to NYU.	I am applying to NYU.	That is a tough school to get into. Best of luck.
0	I left the light on in my car the other day and it killed the battery	I left the light on in my car the other day and it killed the battery	That happens to me all the time because I drive a large van with a lot of extras.  It is such a pain!
3	i saw a kid crying by himself in the store today [SEP] where were his parents? [SEP] he had walked away from them went to the candy section	he had walked away from them went to the candy section	ah that stinks
3	Yesterday during the storm, a tree branch fell on our roof and I am lost for words. [SEP] Oh no! I'm so sorry! [SEP] Yeah, it didn't look so bad to be honest but I think we have to reshingle our roof.	Yeah, it didn't look so bad to be honest but I think we have to reshingle our roof.	That is not fun. Hopefully it will not be too hard.
5	My cousin won $5000" [SEP] What?!? That is awesome. I would be so pumped up. Were you happy for him? [SEP] I was. I could really use $5000 my self too.	I was. I could really use $5000 my self too.	Same here. Maybe he will give you some.
6	i sure wish my family didnt find out	i sure wish my family didnt find out	What? You think you might be in trouble?
5	I'm trying my grandma recip for the fist time today. [SEP] What is the dish? [SEP] It's dressing. I feel like I'm going to fail already/	It's dressing. I feel like I'm going to fail already/	Maybe she can help you and guide you step by step
1	My younger sister graduates from college this year, I can't believe she's going to get her degree. [SEP] Thats awesome though.  I didn't graduate until I was 40 something [SEP] It was 30s for me!  She kept at her classes, even though she had two kids pretty young and worked.	It was 30s for me!  She kept at her classes, even though she had two kids pretty young and worked.	That really is quite an accomplishment.. the type that makes you cry at graduation ceremonies!
1	My husband is out of town and my friends talked me into going to a scary movie with them the other night. [SEP] Sounds like so much fun.  What did you see? [SEP] I don't remember the name, but I have not been able to sleep since then. I hate being home alone!	I don't remember the name, but I have not been able to sleep since then. I hate being home alone!	It must have been really scary movie then.  Try leaving the tv on to help.
4	We have a new member of our family! [SEP] Are we?  [SEP] Huh? Anyway, the new member is a bunny! My daughter rescued it from an animal shelter.	Huh? Anyway, the new member is a bunny! My daughter rescued it from an animal shelter.	Oh haha sorry I misread that! And that is great I am so excited to meet the bunny!! Do we have a name for it yet? 
4	my cat just died, I had him for 10 years	my cat just died, I had him for 10 years	Oh no I'm so sorry. I love cats
2	My son had all A's last year at school. [SEP] Wow you must be so proud! [SEP] Yes! I am so pleased with his performance!	Yes! I am so pleased with his performance!	I hope he keeps it up!
8	Sometime I envy my coworkers because some of them have a better career than me. [SEP] Yeah, I sometimes do that as well. But, as long as the bills are getting paid, I guess you can't complain. [SEP] You are right but sometime I can't keep think about it, mainly when the coworker is not smart.	You are right but sometime I can't keep think about it, mainly when the coworker is not smart.	True. But, you can't help stupid people from getting high paying jobs. I am a prime example.
6	I was training at the running track today and seen this guys running so fast! It was insane! 	I was training at the running track today and seen this guys running so fast! It was insane! 	oh yea? did you try to keep up with him?
5	I'm going to a Braves game tomorrow for the first time and I'm a little apprehensive. [SEP] It should be fun! Do you like baseball? [SEP] I love baseball, I just have social anxiety and I'm a little concerned with how I will react being in such a large crowd.	I love baseball, I just have social anxiety and I'm a little concerned with how I will react being in such a large crowd.	I think you will be fine. If you need some alcohol to take the edge off, go for it.
0	I just rode the biggest and scariest roller coaster at Six Flags today. [SEP] Oh really? Was it pretty exciting then? [SEP] It was so intense! I'm still shaking lol	It was so intense! I'm still shaking lol	That sounds like fun. I think you definitely got your money's worth.
7	When we went grocery shopping the other night some girl starting talking to my husband, giggling, and all that. He tried to be polite, but, she just wouldn't sto[p and I got so mad. [SEP] I don't blame you!  I would've been furious if some girl was talking to my husband that way.  Ridulous how awful some people are. [SEP] I just finally cracked a joke about us needing to get to the grandkids party. 	I just finally cracked a joke about us needing to get to the grandkids party. 	Ha ha, that's a good one.  
4	My brother tripped me and made me fall.  [SEP] did you retaliate? [SEP] No, I was super mad tho. He's such a jerk sometimes.	No, I was super mad tho. He's such a jerk sometimes.	I'm sorry to hear that
8	I killed some people and fed them to pigs. [SEP] nice [SEP] But now I'm having second thoughts	But now I'm having second thoughts	a bit late for that
5	I was only married for 4 weeks when I learned my husband was having an affair and ongoing after the wedding. I got him back by sleeping with a close family friend. I felt guilty and ashamed because it was out of character. [SEP] Yeah that sounds really sad. I am sorry for what you went through.  [SEP] Well I choose to stay and work it out, but I never told him. It has been 3 years.	Well I choose to stay and work it out, but I never told him. It has been 3 years.	Yeah maybe that was a good decision that you made. 
8	I feel pretty alone when nobody is home.	I feel pretty alone when nobody is home.	i like alone time
1	The other day my mom yelled at a cashier. She was so unreasonable. [SEP] Why was she yelling at the cashier? [SEP] She thought the cashier was charging her extra.	She thought the cashier was charging her extra.	I feel a little bad for the cashier.
7	I am thinking the Eagles can repeat this year, I hope so! [SEP] Careful. Lightning never strikes twice. [SEP] I am hoping this is an exception	I am hoping this is an exception	In any case, good luck!
1	I've had family visiting for the past couple of days, some cousins and an uncle and aunt that I haven't seen a long time. It's always great to be reunited with family, especially after you get over that first initial weird social hump of feeling each other out after not having spoken for a long time. It's crazy to see how much the younger cousins have physically changed! Anyway, it's been a blast playing games and catching up with them.	I've had family visiting for the past couple of days, some cousins and an uncle and aunt that I haven't seen a long time. It's always great to be reunited with family, especially after you get over that first initial weird social hump of feeling each other out after not having spoken for a long time. It's crazy to see how much the younger cousins have physically changed! Anyway, it's been a blast playing games and catching up with them.	wow thats great
2	I am worried I won't pass the CPA exam. I have been studying for weeks and am afraid I won't remember the material. [SEP] Yikes, you gotta pay more attention to your textbook maybe [SEP] Yeah I will call my buddy who is good with numbers. He will get me on track.	Yeah I will call my buddy who is good with numbers. He will get me on track.	I hope you do well and pass the exam!
6	I forgot the make my credit card payment yesterday. I feel so bad because I told myself all day yesterday not to forget.	I forgot the make my credit card payment yesterday. I feel so bad because I told myself all day yesterday not to forget.	Was the due date yesterday?  Is the payment late now?  
4	My dog passed away last week.	My dog passed away last week.	oh no. sorry to hear that.
2	I'm feeling pretty lucky this month. [SEP] Yeah, did something in particular make you feel that way? [SEP] My boyfriend and I are having a 7 year anniversary this month!	My boyfriend and I are having a 7 year anniversary this month!	Wow, that's awesome! Good for you guys, I hope you have many more happy years together. :)
2	My dog pooped on the rug today. [SEP] That is unfortunate. I hope it wasn't 1 or 2 miles high? [SEP] Naw, it was 3 miles high. Quite mad and devastated that it ruined the rug.	Naw, it was 3 miles high. Quite mad and devastated that it ruined the rug.	That amount of poop really does things to a rug. I recommend getting a new house.
6	I pray that the sun rises for another day for me.	I pray that the sun rises for another day for me.	Stay positive and hopeful! What's wrong ?
2	i was impressed when i saw this guy eat a 3 lbs burger and 1 lbs fries for a free t-shirt	i was impressed when i saw this guy eat a 3 lbs burger and 1 lbs fries for a free t-shirt	That's a lot of food lol i bet he felt sick afterwards. I think i would try to do the same, just curious if i could eat that much
3	I was very interested in a girl that lives near me. I can't seem to muster the courage to talk to her so I'm feeling pretty down in the dumps. Hopefully, one day I can let my mind stop racing and just go for it. [SEP] What can you lose? [SEP] Probably nothing but it's still hard to go through with it. I need to man up...	Probably nothing but it's still hard to go through with it. I need to man up...	You do. I mean it can only go one of two ways. And if it goes one way, you can try again with another girl.
3	I lost my best friend last year when he moved to Chicago because he got accepted into a master's program, and he made me feel like our friendship meant nothing since he was going on to do bigger and better things.  [SEP] That can be pretty hard to swallow, do you stay in touch? It's easier these days with the likes of social media. How do you fill that void? [SEP] We don't really stay in touch anymore. He and his fiance invited me to their wedding, though. He's not a social media person, and I'm not either, so we've basically lost touch. I haven't filled the void, unfortunately, but I feel okay about it now.  [SEP] That's such a shame, we grieve any kind of loss, I suppose. Perhaps the wedding would bring you closer together? [SEP] Maybe it will. I'm not sure, but I feel more happy for him now than I do envious and hurt. So, whatever happens, happens. It's okay. 	Maybe it will. I'm not sure, but I feel more happy for him now than I do envious and hurt. So, whatever happens, happens. It's okay. 	I hope it works out for you, life is too short. Fill your life with wonderful things and wonderful things will surely happen.
2	My friend told me she was coming to visit for the holidays.! Exciting.	My friend told me she was coming to visit for the holidays.! Exciting.	i bet you are excited
5	Romance movies bring me back to my youthful days [SEP] oh really why is that? [SEP] I think about about young love and how innocent and youthful I was then. Life always seemed to have more potential and hope.	I think about about young love and how innocent and youthful I was then. Life always seemed to have more potential and hope.	oh dang thats a real thinker
0	I am pretty much the IT guy among my friends. Always ready to fix computers for them. [SEP] I consider myself somewhat knowledgable about them too, it's very fulfilling being able to help other people with their problems sometimes. [SEP] Yeah, you sorta feel like the specialist among your friends and loved ones.	Yeah, you sorta feel like the specialist among your friends and loved ones.	Yeah, sometimes it can be annoying though because they come to you with really easy problems to fix and you feel like they should know how to do it themselves.
3	I often get irritated because of my sister. [SEP] my sister's can be irritating as well. no one knows how to push your buttons like family. [SEP] Yeah true that! yesterday she pranked me again. I was really mad at her	Yeah true that! yesterday she pranked me again. I was really mad at her	oh no. hopefully it was an innocent prank.
5	I went to the store the other day and made a mistake.	I went to the store the other day and made a mistake.	The sounds like it might be bad... What was the mistake? Maybe you're overthinking it!
8	My bff beat my time in a race we ran together. [SEP] A race with running or with cars? [SEP] Running.  I trained for months for that race.	Running.  I trained for months for that race.	As long as you trained hard and did your best, that is what counts!
8	I stole some candy from Party City when I was a kid. I was so afraid that the cops were going to nab me.	I stole some candy from Party City when I was a kid. I was so afraid that the cops were going to nab me.	Oh man, I bet you didn't sleep for weeks!
2	I cannot wait for the new super smash bros for the nintendo switch [SEP] oh when does it come out .. we just got mario aces.. it was ok  [SEP] It comes out in december, I was disappointed with aces, but Smash should be much better	It comes out in december, I was disappointed with aces, but Smash should be much better	i hope so
7	I love my wife and kids. I sacrifice so much time for them all and it feels great! [SEP] Same, don't know what i would do without them. [SEP] I feel responsible for their future and I want to do everything I can for them!	I feel responsible for their future and I want to do everything I can for them!	That's part of being a good parent, it all goes hand in hand.
1	I felt so relaxed in montreal. [SEP] Oh is it nice there? I've never been [SEP] It was nice with my mother, we went to a game and life felt so nice. [SEP] That sounds lovely [SEP] It was, we went out for steak almost every night as well.	It was, we went out for steak almost every night as well.	Oh yeah that sounds like a real good time, I love steak!
8	My girlfriend has been messaging another guy from work a lot recently. [SEP] do you think they are up to something? [SEP] I can't help but feel like they are.  I have asked her about it, and she says they're just talking about work.  Maybe I'm just envious of the attention she's giving.	I can't help but feel like they are.  I have asked her about it, and she says they're just talking about work.  Maybe I'm just envious of the attention she's giving.	You should be careful about jumping to conclusions. 
6	i cant wait for thanksgiving all the food around me , and see all my family pigging out makes me so happy and thankful for everything in life [SEP] I think that you are absolutely right!  Thanksgiving is the best!  I love the food, and family.  Are your family coming to you, or are you going to the? [SEP] thankfully they all come to me , and the majority lives around the same area , except my older brother that lives in germany and my baby brother that lives in new york	thankfully they all come to me , and the majority lives around the same area , except my older brother that lives in germany and my baby brother that lives in new york	Is the brother from Germany coming home?
2	I accidentally stepped in dog feces today. [SEP] did you do it bare foot ? that is nasty i dont own pets at all but i can imagine your situation  [SEP] No, but I was really grossed out from the smell.	No, but I was really grossed out from the smell.	its really stinky i have smelled it before 
3	I cannot wait until next spring, I'm doing something that I've never done before. [SEP] What are you going to do? [SEP] We are going on a cruise, all by ourselves, no kids!	We are going on a cruise, all by ourselves, no kids!	I love cruise, I go on at least one every year.
0	My roommates took my food I had labeled with my name in the fridge today. [SEP] That was a crappy thing to do. Better get a handle on it now or it could become a big problem. [SEP] I know, I think I'm gonna steak their food to let them see how it feels.	I know, I think I'm gonna steak their food to let them see how it feels.	They probably deserve it but you know the old saying two wrongs don't make a right.
0	I said a very bad joke during a lunch with my coworkers. I felt so stupid. [SEP] We've all done stupid things. I'm sure they'll let it go eventually. [SEP] I hope they have all forgot about it now.	I hope they have all forgot about it now.	You'll know for next time now. I know you must feel really bad.
8	I really hate when I do work at work and I see non of my coworkers working. [SEP] Oh yes, I bet the bosses love them too right? That happens a lot. Very unfair [SEP] Yes the bosses love them. They get all the praise.	Yes the bosses love them. They get all the praise.	Oh geez- work on your side hustle and get out of there. I did a long time ago. Hate those jobs!
1	I know my friend is going to come through this weekend. I trust his word [SEP] That's great that you have such trust in him.  [SEP] He is my best friend so its nice	He is my best friend so its nice	That is a true friend that's worth having for a lifetime if possible. I am happy for you.
5	i am going to meet my soul mate this year [SEP] Where are you meeting her? [SEP] I have no idea but I am not going to be single next year	I have no idea but I am not going to be single next year	You should try to get on tinder.
8	I think the best days of my life where the day my children were born.	I think the best days of my life where the day my children were born.	Yep those are the most exciting times of life. 
3	Hello, I brought dishonor on my family by not getting A in my math class [SEP] oh wow, you should have known better [SEP] I know, I am so ashamed of myself. I should have studied harder...	I know, I am so ashamed of myself. I should have studied harder...	try harder next time and im sure you will do better!
4	my grandmother passed yestserday. she was the one who raised me	my grandmother passed yestserday. she was the one who raised me	oh im so sorry! it hurts when our parents leave us.  my uncle, who was basically my father, died in april.
0	I'm about to have my third child and can't wait to finally have this baby. The nursery is done, the clothes are ready, and I'm packed for the hospital. Good to go.	I'm about to have my third child and can't wait to finally have this baby. The nursery is done, the clothes are ready, and I'm packed for the hospital. Good to go.	By this time you probably have the process all down pat!
8	My son tried out for football at our community center [SEP] How old is he? Is he excited?  [SEP] he's 4. He just wants to run around and play. I'm the one that's excited. And I know nothing about football. [SEP] You will grow to love it. Football is amazing sport. Your son will love it.  [SEP] I hope so. I just wish it would get cooler outside before they start practice.	I hope so. I just wish it would get cooler outside before they start practice.	Just wait a few years. If he sticks with it he will be at practice 6 months a year then playing games in the snow.
2	I am sure that I will get a raise. [SEP] That's great! What makes you so confident? [SEP] I know my boss likes my work.	I know my boss likes my work.	Well that awesome to hear! I hope you do get it soon!
5	i need to hear from a friend hes been ill [SEP] That's an unfortunate situation. What's the diagnosis? [SEP] not sure when he shakes his leg it hurts	not sure when he shakes his leg it hurts	I see. He should probably get that checked out by a doctor. It's best to check out these things I think.
3	Someone wrecked my car the other day. I'm so mad. [SEP] Oh that's awful! Will insurance cover it? [SEP] Yes but I have whip lash.	Yes but I have whip lash.	That's terrible. I hope you can get some compensation and feel better.
3	Someone stole my shoes! [SEP] Did they get your shorts too? [SEP] Just my shoes, and i'm still looking for it.	Just my shoes, and i'm still looking for it.	Call the police
4	A close family friend died in a car accident recently. I had know him since I was a kid, so it was relly painful for me.	A close family friend died in a car accident recently. I had know him since I was a kid, so it was relly painful for me.	I'm so sorry to hear that, Are you handling it ok?
4	I hate scary movies! [SEP] Do you?  Me too!  Which one is your favorite? [SEP] None of them! I stay far away!	None of them! I stay far away!	Oh.  I thought you said "like" at first.  I'm sorry.  I like them!  You should try watching more of them!
4	My dog passed away a few weeks ago. She was 12. I really miss her.	My dog passed away a few weeks ago. She was 12. I really miss her.	Oh wow!  My dog passed away recently too so I can relate to your pain.  I am so sorry for your loss
8	After long time i played soccer.  Am so bad at it now, i used to be good [SEP] Sometimes that happens when you take a break from something for too long, but with some practice you might be able to pick it back up again [SEP] hopefully, i was really really bad though infront of friends	hopefully, i was really really bad though infront of friends	if they are really your friends, they wont care if you were bad
6	I saw my son's new house and its quite big and luxurious! 	I saw my son's new house and its quite big and luxurious! 	Good, are you happy for him?
3	I am super frustrated that someone I know keeps ruining their life.	I am super frustrated that someone I know keeps ruining their life.	That's unfortunate.  Especially when there's nothing you can do to stop it.
1	Just got dumped by the girl. [SEP] Thats too bad [SEP] It was on christmas no less, tragic really.	It was on christmas no less, tragic really.	wow. thats kind of cruel
7	Got to work and ...Boom! It was my birthday 	Got to work and ...Boom! It was my birthday 	Wow,happy belated birthday,make sure you have a blast.
3	i am hoping to go to hawaii next year [SEP] have you ever been there before? I hear it's great! [SEP] No i have never been but i hope i am able to one day.	No i have never been but i hope i am able to one day.	Save up and sign up for deal alerts on expedia and other sites. It's really amazing how cheap you can get trips nowadays!
3	My daughter fell and really hurt her knee. [SEP] Oh no I hope she's ok!? [SEP] She is! I had to comfort her. I felt so bad for her 	She is! I had to comfort her. I felt so bad for her 	Lol pour water on it next time. Always does the trick!
8	My wife and I took a two week vacation last year, and a friend of mine watched the house for us while we were away. [SEP] That sounds awesome!  Did everything go well? [SEP] It did for the most part. The vacation itself was great, and my friend took good care of the house. The only thing that happened was on of the faucet handles on the bathroom sink broke while we were gone, but it wasn't my buddy's fault, it had needed replacing for awhile.	It did for the most part. The vacation itself was great, and my friend took good care of the house. The only thing that happened was on of the faucet handles on the bathroom sink broke while we were gone, but it wasn't my buddy's fault, it had needed replacing for awhile.	That's not too bad, I'm glad you had a good vacay and your friend is trustworthy!
8	I get nostalgic about the old Pokemon games, I loved playing them as a kid [SEP] I never really got into pokemon. [SEP] No? May be too late now since you are older, but back then it was my life haha	No? May be too late now since you are older, but back then it was my life haha	I tried to do the mobile game but I didn't get it lol
5	My sister actually paid my back on time last week [SEP] Well, that's good. Did she borrow money from you? [SEP] she always does and never pays it back on time. But this time she did	she always does and never pays it back on time. But this time she did	Perhaps she's turned over a new leaf. It's very good of you to lend her money, even if she is your sister.
7	My mom just called and told my my grandma has cancer [SEP] Wow I am so sorry to hear that, my grandmother passed from cancer about 10 years ago [SEP] Yeah it is just hard now	Yeah it is just hard now	I get that, I will pray for her, best of luck friend
0	My moms full coverage car insurance won't pay for ANY dental work after her car accident. [SEP] Ugh, that is so frustrating! [SEP] So she has had to save $500 per tooth to get them pulled and it's over $800 for each NEW tooth. She has medicare too..but it's always useless it pays for almost nothing and no dental care..Seriously this country does not take care of it's seniors.	So she has had to save $500 per tooth to get them pulled and it's over $800 for each NEW tooth. She has medicare too..but it's always useless it pays for almost nothing and no dental care..Seriously this country does not take care of it's seniors.	That is infuriating. I know how costly healthcare is. Such a shame that we as a country cant do better.
2	Our home was broken into right after we moved in. [SEP] Oh no, that's so awful. Were you able to recover? [SEP] I have a little, I am so cautious though. 	I have a little, I am so cautious though. 	Yea. That would make me cautious as well. I hope nothing like that happens again to you.
2	My 2 year old was such a good girl today out and I am very proud of her!	My 2 year old was such a good girl today out and I am very proud of her!	I bet you are a happy parent then
1	I'm pretty happy with my local representatives, they represent my interests well [SEP] You are lucky to have that in your community. [SEP] Thank you! I think so too. I think it's important to have good representation in your local government	Thank you! I think so too. I think it's important to have good representation in your local government	It is good that you care about that too.
8	I felt bad the other day- I tried on a dress at the store and it looked awful, but I saw another girl trying it on as well and she looked great. [SEP] Oh I hate when that happens. I'm sorry you felt that way. Did you not buy the dress? [SEP] I didn't, but I did find some shirts I like luckily. 	I didn't, but I did find some shirts I like luckily. 	That's good though. I'm glad you were able to find something.
6	I can't wait to go on vacation!	I can't wait to go on vacation!	I love vacation! Where are you going?
1	Some dude was staring at my girlfriend tonight at dinner. Made me feel some type of way. [SEP] I would've been angry. [SEP] You're telling me! I took my two slices of pizza and slapped him upside the head with them!	You're telling me! I took my two slices of pizza and slapped him upside the head with them!	That's funny and also kind of a waste of pizza.
1	I just got a new dog! [SEP] What breed is it? [SEP] It's a small husky with big blue eyes	It's a small husky with big blue eyes	That is awesome, too bad it will not be small forever!
0	When I first started working out I dropped a weight on my foot! [SEP] Oh no. That had to be painful [SEP] It was more painful to my ego!	It was more painful to my ego!	I know how you feel. At least its not on youtube
3	I am really in awe how nice the new Lexus is. [SEP] Thats amazing, who bought it for you? [SEP] I have not bought it yet. I did take it for a test drive thou last week.	I have not bought it yet. I did take it for a test drive thou last week.	Thats amazing, getting a new car can change your life!
2	I feel so at ease right now with life, finally after all the hecticness. 	I feel so at ease right now with life, finally after all the hecticness. 	That's good you're getting a break! Life is much more rough as an adult than I thought it would be as a kid.
5	I was so happy today. I woke up early and ate a good breakfast then went in for my test and I know i passed it ! [SEP] Great news! You must be feeling pretty good today. [SEP] I am! it is like im on top of the world!	I am! it is like im on top of the world!	You should celebrate with a drink or a nice dinner out maybe
6	People are always throwing their litter around my apartment complex these days.	People are always throwing their litter around my apartment complex these days.	That's a real shame! You going to do anything about it?
1	I felt like I was living in a real live sports movie over the weekend, it was pretty cool [SEP] What happened? [SEP] My son had a soccer tournament and his team won.  The craziest part was that he scored the game winning goal.	My son had a soccer tournament and his team won.  The craziest part was that he scored the game winning goal.	That is so awesome, you must  be so proud!
8	So, just a few weeks back we had our summer vacation, which consisted of 14 hours of driving with 4 boys aged 9-15. Needless to say, I'm glad that drive is over.  [SEP] Oh man, that sounds awful. I thought the 7 hour drives we did with 3 of us were awful. [SEP] Yeah, add another one in and double the time and you'll have our trip. The youngest has ADHD too, so that always keeps it interesting. 	Yeah, add another one in and double the time and you'll have our trip. The youngest has ADHD too, so that always keeps it interesting. 	That's rough. I feel for you! But, as you said it's over so life goes on :}
3	I felt guilty yesterday because I yelled at my kids.. [SEP] We all do it. I bet they deserved it. [SEP] They were being loud and obnoxious and not listening.	They were being loud and obnoxious and not listening.	They sound like my kids. I hope they start behaving better for you.
7	I finally got promoted! It's been a rough 5 years but I got it!	I finally got promoted! It's been a rough 5 years but I got it!	Oh wow! Congratulations on getting promoted, that is awesome!!
1	i am so prepared for my job interview today [SEP] What kind of job is it for? [SEP] computer engineering!	computer engineering!	That's a great career.  
7	I used to be afraid of the dark. I had a nightlight until i was 13 [SEP] have you grown out of it ? [SEP] In a sense I have, I am still not a big fan but I do not use a light anymore	In a sense I have, I am still not a big fan but I do not use a light anymore	well thats a good start
8	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out [SEP] Was the dog okay [SEP] took me a few hours but got him back	took me a few hours but got him back	I am glad you did
0	I really needed to get ready for this test in calculus last semester since otherwise I would've failed. [SEP] Well done, you studied for it and passed! [SEP] I did better than passing, I got an A!	I did better than passing, I got an A!	Thanks amazing! I know you have a bright future ahead of you
8	I'm not alcoholic but I feel like I can vibe better with a chick if I've been drinking.  Because I tend to say stuff I normally wouldn't which makes for better conversation	I'm not alcoholic but I feel like I can vibe better with a chick if I've been drinking.  Because I tend to say stuff I normally wouldn't which makes for better conversation	You are not the only. Nothing to worry about.
7	I took my daughter roller skating for the first time recently and I was taken right back to my childhood. All I could think about was spending my Friday nights as a kid at the roller rink! [SEP] wow nostalgic. Wish you had time machine.. [SEP] I did, I'd love to be a kid again, feeling carefree.	I did, I'd love to be a kid again, feeling carefree.	best phase of our life.
0	im waiting for a test work to come back and im kinda sweating it [SEP] I hope the results are good. What were you getting tested for? [SEP] it is blood work. very serious blood work	it is blood work. very serious blood work	Don't sweat too hard. Try to focus on positive aspects of life right now, because whatever happens that positivity will carry you.
6	I got a parcel today	I got a parcel today	that's great, what's in the package?
5	I really like my friend's Chanel bag, but I would never spend that much money on an accessory	I really like my friend's Chanel bag, but I would never spend that much money on an accessory	Maybe she will let you borrow it. Or maybe if she gets a new one she will give it to you.
0	I wanted to buy some egg rolls from the store, but they no longer sell my favorite ones [SEP] ah that's so sad. You would miss your favorite one. i think you need to find something else [SEP] Yea, I do. They're so expensive, so I've got to do it at one at a time.	Yea, I do. They're so expensive, so I've got to do it at one at a time.	You will definitely will 
6	I spilled some tea all over my lap today.	I spilled some tea all over my lap today.	Are you ok. Did you need to go to the hospital?
5	My boyfriend is always talking on the phone when we are hanging out.	My boyfriend is always talking on the phone when we are hanging out.	Maybe tell him how you feel about that.
1	So yesterday around noon i was jogging like i always do. Well i notice my pants feel weird, come to find out i have a giant rip in them	So yesterday around noon i was jogging like i always do. Well i notice my pants feel weird, come to find out i have a giant rip in them	Oh my goodness, that must have been embarrassing
0	My son went into a youth challenge program. I am hoping that this will help him become better person and give him the discipline that he needs. [SEP] Ahh, is he a troublemaker right now? Most of the time, it's the friends they hang out with. Young people are easily influenced by the people around them. [SEP] It had alot to do with the crowd he was keeping at school. their habits was rubbing off on him. I tried talking to him several times about it but of course with being the mother he acted like I did not know what I was talking about. He is not just horrible but I knew if something did not change it would have gotten worse	It had alot to do with the crowd he was keeping at school. their habits was rubbing off on him. I tried talking to him several times about it but of course with being the mother he acted like I did not know what I was talking about. He is not just horrible but I knew if something did not change it would have gotten worse	Yes, he needs a firm hand to lead the way out of this kind of behaviours. You need to step up and introduce some strict schedules so he won't have time to do anything bad. 
7	I got a good job, a nice house, a lovely dog, and great food. Life is awesome. I am so happy.	I got a good job, a nice house, a lovely dog, and great food. Life is awesome. I am so happy.	Good for you! You are a lucky person!
6	i cant even park where i want the neighbors keep stealing my parking spaces	i cant even park where i want the neighbors keep stealing my parking spaces	that's not nice of them. is that parking lot assigned to you?
1	I found out my sister is pregnant today! She's been trying for years	I found out my sister is pregnant today! She's been trying for years	Oh that's cool.  Glad it worked out for her
3	I had an argument and lost my temper. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. We're all human, and that does happen sometimes. I guess all you can do is do your best to not say or do anything you can't take back. Is everything resolved now? [SEP] Things with my spouse.	Things with my spouse.	Ah, an argument with your spouse? Those are always tricky. I hope you guys can work through it amicably, because that's obviously an important relationship.
3	I had my eye on a pretty new shirt that I wanted to get. My sister got it and it looked great on her. I was so envious. [SEP] oh wow i am glad she was happy, why were you nervous? [SEP] I wasn't nervous I was envious. I had really wanted it.	I wasn't nervous I was envious. I had really wanted it.	oh don't be, you should be happy for her, there will come a time where you will get something back in return :)
3	5 [SEP] 5? [SEP] Sorry. I hit a wrong key and sent too soon. I was going to tell you about how I ordered McDonalds with the new delivery service.	Sorry. I hit a wrong key and sent too soon. I was going to tell you about how I ordered McDonalds with the new delivery service.	ah it happens lol
0	This morning driving into work, people were refusing to use their blinker. [SEP] The quality of driving is going down and down. [SEP] It is and soon it will be very unsafe on the roads	It is and soon it will be very unsafe on the roads	Yeah, I agree. we've have to drive carefully.
6	i am finally good at where i am at work [SEP] That's a good feeling I'm sure.  Stability means a lot these days. [SEP] yea .. only 8 more years and i can retire	yea .. only 8 more years and i can retire	8 more years?  I wish I could retire in 8 years!  I bet that's exciting to think about!!
6	One time I was having a couple of drinks with a friend and we started roughhousing and I broke my tailbone	One time I was having a couple of drinks with a friend and we started roughhousing and I broke my tailbone	Wow, did you fall on your butt that hard?
7	My husband has been studying for over a year for this exam he needed to take.  It's taken a lot of time away from our family. [SEP] That must be very hard for you all, but I'm sure it will be worth it in the end. What's the exam for? [SEP] Well we were just notified yesterday that he passed all four parts, so now he has his CPA license.	Well we were just notified yesterday that he passed all four parts, so now he has his CPA license.	That's fantastic news! Congratulations to all of you - him for working so hard and passing, and you for being so patient and understanding.
6	I was running in the park, I slipped on a banana peel and fell.	I was running in the park, I slipped on a banana peel and fell.	oh no thats embarrassing. did anyone see?
3	I can't believe my sister stole money from me recently. [SEP] Oh really? That sucks, if they just asked people would usually be ok with it too. [SEP] I know right? She really can be a pain sometimes.	I know right? She really can be a pain sometimes.	Hopefully it isnt for anything horrid like drugs.
5	I was envious of my neighbor. He built a new deck	I was envious of my neighbor. He built a new deck	Aww!  Maybe it's time to start building yours!
8	I felt so down when i failed the test at school and didnt win  [SEP] What was the prize you didn't win? [SEP] a golden medal and my name in the gym wall 	a golden medal and my name in the gym wall 	Oh well I'm sure there's always next year! Was it a fitness test or what
3	I'm going back to college which is really bittersweet. [SEP] 5 [SEP] It sucks since I won't get to see my cat.	It sucks since I won't get to see my cat.	Oops.  I didn't mean to type 5 LOL.  I hope you get to take breaks to go see your cat on the weekends :(
0	When I was in high school, a few classmates and I cheated on a math test. I regret that too this day.	When I was in high school, a few classmates and I cheated on a math test. I regret that too this day.	It's a chance to turn a new leaf by  getting a high score even without cheating
1	I'm eating lobster for the first time this weekend. [SEP] Do you like it ? [SEP] I hope I will. It's my first time eating it.	I hope I will. It's my first time eating it.	Well, if you don't, you won't be the only one.
6	MY lease is almost up on my tiny apartment	MY lease is almost up on my tiny apartment	What will you do next?
2	I was shocked in a good way this weekend. My brother got us football tickets [SEP] Well, that's good. Sounds like you guys will be having some fun watching the game. Much better than TV! [SEP] Yeah I am excited about it	Yeah I am excited about it	Well, I hope you guys have a good time
0	My cat vomited on my shoes	My cat vomited on my shoes	I hate cats that throw up.
5	i really wanted to get pregnant but month after month it didn't happen	i really wanted to get pregnant but month after month it didn't happen	Hmm maybe it's not your time yet...I'm sure you'll get there
1	I had a big scare a few days ago. [SEP] What happened? [SEP] I ran into a snake in the yard.	I ran into a snake in the yard.	I would have peed my pants.
4	I'm having to cancel my Labor Day plans since I have to work.  My boss is taking a trip and we both can't be gone from work.  I'm disappointed.   [SEP] That stinks!  What were your plans? [SEP] I was going to Georgia to watch my cousin's son play in his first college football game.  It was going to be a nice family reunion type trip.	I was going to Georgia to watch my cousin's son play in his first college football game.  It was going to be a nice family reunion type trip.	I'm so sorry you had to change your plans!  Perhaps you can schedule some time after Labor Day to come and see him play?
4	Lightening hit my house and fried all of my appliances! ugh frustrating.  [SEP] Oh my goodness, that's crazy! Do you have home insurance to cover the cost to replace everything? [SEP] Yeah I do, but it still sucks! What a pain in the rear.	Yeah I do, but it still sucks! What a pain in the rear.	Yeah that's awful, I'm sorry that happened to you. I'm glad you're alright at least! That's a scary thing to happen.
3	Someone left their trash in the bed of my truck. [SEP] Oh man, that kind of thing would make me furious. Do you have any idea who it might have been? [SEP] No clue. Some people are jerks.	No clue. Some people are jerks.	Yeah, I hate it. Parents need to start raising their kids better.
2	My little boy has come far with his speech and I am so proud of him. [SEP] Awww good for him!  [SEP] He's been getting speech therapy since he was 1.	He's been getting speech therapy since he was 1.	I'm glad he's getting better with his speech and I hope he continues to improve!
3	We were going to the lake for a weekend getaway since we haven't had some downtime in forever and then we got sick instead. [SEP] Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. Did you reschedule? [SEP] We don't have another weekend to do it so unfortunately, no.  I think we will just wait for chilly weather and try to do something else.	We don't have another weekend to do it so unfortunately, no.  I think we will just wait for chilly weather and try to do something else.	I hope you guys will still get to spend quality time together and of course, get some rest in.
7	I stepped on my dog's tail accidentally earlier and I felt really bad about it. [SEP] was he hurt? [SEP] No, only his feelings. I just wish I had a way to make him understand that I didn't mean to.	No, only his feelings. I just wish I had a way to make him understand that I didn't mean to.	oh thats good
0	I am so happy with my life right now. [SEP] That's great to hear! [SEP] Thank you! I have the best family!	Thank you! I have the best family!	Not many people are thankful for their family. I am glad you are.
6	I ran into a friend that I had not seen in years. We had a lot of catching up to do	I ran into a friend that I had not seen in years. We had a lot of catching up to do	Cool. Are they still the same?
3	I keep heading a noises coming from my attic	I keep heading a noises coming from my attic	Uh oh!!!  Better go investigate!
4	It's been awhile now, but I vividly remember being let go from my job where I'd worked (and sweated and bled) for 11 years.  They claimed it was due to downsizing.	It's been awhile now, but I vividly remember being let go from my job where I'd worked (and sweated and bled) for 11 years.  They claimed it was due to downsizing.	That's really hard!  I'm sure that was disappointing after putting in so many years.  Sorry.
1	I am so proud of my mom she has accomplished so much. Did you know she got a GED and didn't finish high school?	I am so proud of my mom she has accomplished so much. Did you know she got a GED and didn't finish high school?	That is so awesome! Good for her!
1	I love my apartment complex. I told them this morning my fridge hasnt been working properly, and they said ill get a brand new one tomorrow! 	I love my apartment complex. I told them this morning my fridge hasnt been working properly, and they said ill get a brand new one tomorrow! 	That's great when you have good maintence for a place.
4	I finally got some food today. So happy.	I finally got some food today. So happy.	Oh no! Im sorry. Im sure your excited now!
6	I am shocked at how fast my hair is growing these days	I am shocked at how fast my hair is growing these days	Really? did you use marijuana ?
5	i was sad when i didnt win the lottery [SEP] I would be too! [SEP] yea maybe next time	yea maybe next time	Who knows, maybe you'll win
3	I left work early today and feel a little bad about it. I was really sick and now I know I'll have to play catch up later today when I go back. [SEP] Oh, you shouldn't feel bad! Everyone gets sick every once in a while and I would hope that your boss and coworkers were very understanding of your needs. It is important to take care of yourself. [SEP] I hope they understand but it's usually frowned upon. I just was so violently ill I couldn't be there any longer.	I hope they understand but it's usually frowned upon. I just was so violently ill I couldn't be there any longer.	Well, it is very important for you to take care of yourself and if your boss doesn't understand that, I would be searching for other employment. Hopefully, they are completely fine with your needs.
4	I planned a trip to go to Hawaii But due to volcano eruptions i had to cancel.	I planned a trip to go to Hawaii But due to volcano eruptions i had to cancel.	That's a bummer. Sorry to hear that but I am sure you can reschedule, right?
7	My daughter was in a ballet recital. She danced so beautifully. I was so impressed.  [SEP] That sounds wonderful! I bet it was amazing [SEP] They looked so nice. And it was in a real theater so it seemed so professional. 	They looked so nice. And it was in a real theater so it seemed so professional. 	Wow! I wish I could see something like that
6	I was at dinner the other night and spilled my drink all over myself.	I was at dinner the other night and spilled my drink all over myself.	That's no good! Did it stain your clothes?
8	I had to give a speech in front of a few of my friends, I was nervous but really comfortable and I knew I could do it	I had to give a speech in front of a few of my friends, I was nervous but really comfortable and I knew I could do it	I'm sure you did great! I hate public speeking.
4	My external hard disk has stop working. I had very important data on it. It can't be fixed. [SEP] That must be frustrating. What are you going to do now? [SEP] I can't do anything to retrieve the data. I had personal pictures and videos on it. I am sad of losing them.	I can't do anything to retrieve the data. I had personal pictures and videos on it. I am sad of losing them.	I'm so sorry that happened. What brand is the HD?
2	I have a new born who is only 6 months old. He just started to talk, or make funny sounds at least! [SEP] That is so cool!  Is it your first baby? [SEP] Yes it is, I'm a very happy dad. He's going to be so smart. 	Yes it is, I'm a very happy dad. He's going to be so smart. 	I bet.  If he is anything like you he will grow up to be a great person.
1	I am going to a concert this weekend. [SEP] Fun, what concert is it? [SEP] It is Fallout Boy. I can't wait to go!	It is Fallout Boy. I can't wait to go!	Whoop! it's gonna be a fun time!
2	I have this boyfriend,  he's so nice,  I promised not to cheat on him	I have this boyfriend,  he's so nice,  I promised not to cheat on him	That's awesome, I hope he returns the favor as well.
6	There is a local cafe near me, and they're always offering free coffee to people even if they don't buy anything. [SEP] That is so nice I would get a cup daily if it was close to me. [SEP] I always get a cup and sandwich. They are truly something.	I always get a cup and sandwich. They are truly something.	How are they making money off what they are known for though if they give it away for free?
0	The street I was on had the buildings right next to the sidewalk and the cat has fallen out of it's window. [SEP] Oh no, your cat fell out of the window?  Is it ok? [SEP] It wasn't mine. I had no idea who's it was. It wasn't hurt though, it sprinted away as soon as it landed.	It wasn't mine. I had no idea who's it was. It wasn't hurt though, it sprinted away as soon as it landed.	I guess what they say is true - cats do have nine lives.
2	I want to take my kids to a buffet today	I want to take my kids to a buffet today	That's great. Hopefully they eat a lot of food!
0	My friend's dog died [SEP] Oh man I am so sorry.  Had she had the dog for a long time? [SEP] She had him for over five years	She had him for over five years	That is so sad.  My dog had congestive heart failure and died so I know how sad that can be
0	My friend got a scholarship last year that he was barely able to get, it was quite a large amount of money. [SEP] Nice. What scholarship? [SEP] It was the national merit, I felt bad because i felt jealous before i felt happy for him.	It was the national merit, I felt bad because i felt jealous before i felt happy for him.	That's natural. Just don't tell him lol. You'll be alright buddy.
0	I found some old rotten sweet potatoes hiding at the back of my refrigerator. [SEP] I find myself not finishing potatoes either! They take so long to cook [SEP] but they're cheap.	but they're cheap.	Right, taste good too
6	I rode in an airplane for the first time last week, and I have never been so frightened.  [SEP] My first time was scary too! [SEP] I didn't have a good time. My nerves were shot the entire time	I didn't have a good time. My nerves were shot the entire time	Was it a long flight?
6	I just lost my job, and I've got too many bills	I just lost my job, and I've got too many bills	Oh no I'm sorry about that, do you have any family that can help?
2	I have my final math exam tomorrow. I have been studying all week! [SEP] Are you ready for it? [SEP] I am indeed! I am going to kill this thing!	I am indeed! I am going to kill this thing!	Yeah I have faith in ya!!  Tear it up!
8	Came home tonight and there was an owl in my house.. My cat had dragged an owl through the dog door, but didn't kill it. Safe to say I almost ruined my pants, if you know what I mean. [SEP] But now you have a new pet to live with you [SEP] No way! I called my brother at 12AM and he helped me capture it with a garbage bag and a fishing net so that we could release it back outside. That thing was scary, and it wasn't even that big! They're so spooky and stoic-looking...	No way! I called my brother at 12AM and he helped me capture it with a garbage bag and a fishing net so that we could release it back outside. That thing was scary, and it wasn't even that big! They're so spooky and stoic-looking...	Haha I love them. They eat other pest like bugs and mice. Wait until you cat dose that again.
7	I knew my friend would be there for me over the weekend. I needed it [SEP] sounds like a good friend to have by your side [SEP] It was a good feeling	It was a good feeling	thats good!
3	I am really worried I will flunk my Geometry test. I just don't get the material. [SEP] That really stinks. Have you gone to get some help on it? [SEP] I'm going to call my friend that is a math wizard. Maybe he can help me understand this stuff.	I'm going to call my friend that is a math wizard. Maybe he can help me understand this stuff.	I am sure he will be able to help you. I hope you pass.
4	My pet iguana died he was 15 years old..	My pet iguana died he was 15 years old..	Wow! Is that old for an iguana? Im sorry to hear that
6	I found some photos of the spring break trip I took when I was 18.	I found some photos of the spring break trip I took when I was 18.	Wow, I bet that was nostalgic. How'd it feel seeing your old self doing fun stuff?
3	I have not been in the best mood today. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. Is something wrong? [SEP] Oh many things, I guess it manifests in making everything get on my nerves. I hope I feel better tomorrow because I hate being in a bad mood ever.	Oh many things, I guess it manifests in making everything get on my nerves. I hope I feel better tomorrow because I hate being in a bad mood ever.	LIttle things build up sometimes. I hope you feel better as well.
8	Was impressive that Lebron went to the lakers	Was impressive that Lebron went to the lakers	I was sad to see him leave Cleveland.
1	A mosquito has been flying around my face all day and its really starting to get to me. [SEP] Don't you just hate that?! [SEP] I do! I am beyond annoyed and will try to obliterate it with my hand if I see it again.	I do! I am beyond annoyed and will try to obliterate it with my hand if I see it again.	Just remember, it is probably a female mosquito.  They are the ones interested in your blood.  Not the males.  
8	My electric bill was 350 dollars this month.	My electric bill was 350 dollars this month.	Yikes. Mine was 210.
2	I was eating some cake and then I saw some mold in it. It was at a restaurant we loved. It was not fun!	I was eating some cake and then I saw some mold in it. It was at a restaurant we loved. It was not fun!	That's so disgusting! I hope you didn't have to pay your bill!
6	i really like my brothers, they mean a lot to me even if it is frowned upon to express it [SEP] no iam here dude [SEP] Yeah, I get it, they are very important to me though	Yeah, I get it, they are very important to me though	yeah me tooo. then how was your day today?
0	I pray America will be great again. [SEP] You like Donald Trump? [SEP] I love him, best president ever.	I love him, best president ever.	Me too, he's so real. He loves what I love. MMA, poker, guns, WWE, hahahah
3	i was upset when i saw my dog was missing	i was upset when i saw my dog was missing	Oh no, I hate that
3	Me and my girlfriend broke up yesterday. [SEP] Im sorry to hear that.  How are you going? [SEP] Doing ok i guess.  Probably better its over now rather than later.	Doing ok i guess.  Probably better its over now rather than later.	Thats true.  Just remember that as much as it might sting now there are plenty of people out there and you want to find one that makes you happy all of the time, not just some of the time.
5	I am upset with how I acted at work the other day, I lashed out when I should not have [SEP] Oh no, did you get into trouble with your boss? [SEP] Not yet, but I think I will soon	Not yet, but I think I will soon	Ahh, that's too bad. Just make sure to take responsibility and be very sorry for your actions, maybe it won't be so bad.
3	Well I am in a relationship kind of..but they are away and I can't talk to them so I am quite lonely.  [SEP] I am so sorry to hear that.  When will you see them again? [SEP] It depends on what they do in therapy. I cannot live with them they way they have been so it's a pickle.	It depends on what they do in therapy. I cannot live with them they way they have been so it's a pickle.	That is so sad to hear.  I hope things go well with the therapy and you are reunited soon.
4	wow, my son has completely let me down today	wow, my son has completely let me down today	I'm sorry about that. What did he do?
1	I'm sad that people have to make others days crappy. [SEP] Do you have an example? [SEP] When you're having a decent day finally and someone you know see's that and has to be mean to you.	When you're having a decent day finally and someone you know see's that and has to be mean to you.	That is never fun, I always return the favor
1	My pet iguana died he was 15 years old.. [SEP] Wow! Is that old for an iguana? Im sorry to hear that [SEP] Not really they can live to be 40 years old. He was nice he loved to just hangout with me and sit on me desk and watch me type. 	Not really they can live to be 40 years old. He was nice he loved to just hangout with me and sit on me desk and watch me type. 	My daughter wants an iguana. I am scared of animals 
3	I rented Thor: Ragnarok recently and was really let down. It just wasn't what I expected. [SEP] Oh no I hope you didn't spend much on it  [SEP] I didn't, but I just was all hyped up thinking it was going to be great!	I didn't, but I just was all hyped up thinking it was going to be great!	That's such a shame! I always hate getting let down 
6	I just made a new friend.	I just made a new friend.	really? How did you meet them?
8	when we were struggling financially we told our pastor and our church gave us some food and money. i don't know what we would do without them and their help [SEP] That's great they were able to help you out. Are you doing better now? [SEP] yes! I just got a new job. our money is tight right now but at least we can pay the bills and buy food	yes! I just got a new job. our money is tight right now but at least we can pay the bills and buy food	I feel you. We were in a similar situation last year, but things have started looking up.
7	I had to put my dog to sleep yesterday. [SEP] So sorry to hear that. You must feel sad. [SEP] I am hurting so bad right now.	I am hurting so bad right now.	Time will heal. Remember you dog for all the good memories. 
2	I was very taken aback when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.  [SEP] What exactly do you mean? Did you expect them to be taken away from him? [SEP] He is mentally ill for the past few months..He never seemed to be before and he was VERY close to his dogs and said he needed them..He has been outside all day and NO dogs-	He is mentally ill for the past few months..He never seemed to be before and he was VERY close to his dogs and said he needed them..He has been outside all day and NO dogs-	Oh dear, I hope everything works out.
7	I was playing the crane machine today and I won a stuffed animal! [SEP] You must be so happy, what animal? [SEP] It was a cute little bear with flames on it, I was so excited!	It was a cute little bear with flames on it, I was so excited!	That's awesome, I have no luck with those.
6	It's been raining everyday, and I'm starting to hear water dripping in my attic	It's been raining everyday, and I'm starting to hear water dripping in my attic	Oh no! Have you gone up to check if there's a leak? 
2	I'm going to meet characters in disney world! [SEP] That sounds like so much fun! Is this your first time? [SEP] This is my first time since I was much smaller as a kid.	This is my first time since I was much smaller as a kid.	You will have a lot of fun. It really is nice there. 
3	My family and I were finally getting to go on vacation for the first time in 5 years, but we had to cancel because we all got horribly sick. [SEP] Wow, that is horrible, what did you guys come down with? [SEP] It was a cold and cough that turned into bronchitis for a couple of us and walking pneumonia for one of my kids.  Now school starts so we can't reschedule.	It was a cold and cough that turned into bronchitis for a couple of us and walking pneumonia for one of my kids.  Now school starts so we can't reschedule.	Wow, I hope you guys get better if you already haven't.  That's really a bummer to miss out on a family vacation!
3	Wh didn't anyone explain adulting to me [SEP] What's your issue? [SEP] I am tired of paying bills lol	I am tired of paying bills lol	That's rough, being an adult has it's perk though!
1	At work, the men restroom was flooded because of a clogged toilet. It was so bad to see. I wanted throw up.	At work, the men restroom was flooded because of a clogged toilet. It was so bad to see. I wanted throw up.	wow what a horrible thing to walk into!
1	I just started learning to rock climb at a local indoor climbing facility near me and finally got to the top of the tallest wall! [SEP] Wow, thats so cool! I wish i could rock climb. [SEP] I have struggled with chronic pain for over 13 years and almost died from my autoimmune condition.  I decided I would fight and work my way to do things I would never do.  This was one of them.	I have struggled with chronic pain for over 13 years and almost died from my autoimmune condition.  I decided I would fight and work my way to do things I would never do.  This was one of them.	I can understand that. I have MS so I'm no stranger to autoimmune diseases.
0	I was so prepared for the track meet. I spent the previous 4 years getting ready for it. [SEP] Wow that is a long time! How did you do? [SEP] I ended up coming in 5th overall, but only the top 3 were able to represent our country. But its ok, I knew I had come into the meet in the best shape I could have.	I ended up coming in 5th overall, but only the top 3 were able to represent our country. But its ok, I knew I had come into the meet in the best shape I could have.	Exactly! that is a great outlook to have. You did your best and as long as you are happy personally all the rest does not matter
0	I was shocked this morning when I woke up this morning. I really overslept in a bad way [SEP] Oh no! I hate when that happens! Did you turn off your alarm in your sleep? [SEP] I somehow just slept through it which never happens	I somehow just slept through it which never happens	It happens to me more than I like to admit lol
5	I'm not looking forward to rollercoaster riding next weeked :( [SEP] Why? Are you scared to ride it? I can relate, so if that's the case, just skip it. [SEP] Yeah!  I've never been on one.  We're taking the kids though.	Yeah!  I've never been on one.  We're taking the kids though.	Oh, I see, so it's kind of a have-to scenario. Well, I always let my hubby do that, but maybe you're the hubby too lol. 
4	My neighbor keeps parking his car in front of my house instead of his own and it obstruct my view of the park in front of my house. Man, it bothers me so much! [SEP] Ugh that is so annoying! Have you confronted him about it yet?  [SEP] Yes!  He just doesn't care though since it is technically a valid parking spot.	Yes!  He just doesn't care though since it is technically a valid parking spot.	Wow what a jerk...sorry you have to deal with that. I hope you can resolve that situation somehow.
5	I have a small party at my house last night and didn't invite my best friend. [SEP] Oh, really?  Was something wrong?   [SEP] No, I just though she wouln't get along with the other people I had, but I still feel bad I didn't even tell her about the party.	No, I just though she wouln't get along with the other people I had, but I still feel bad I didn't even tell her about the party.	I can understand your feelings; but I suspect you made the right decision.  Maybe it is something you can talk with your friend about.  A good friend will understand.
4	My uncle died in the hospital,  he had malaria , till now,  I've not been myself 	My uncle died in the hospital,  he had malaria , till now,  I've not been myself 	So sorry to hear that, Hard to be alone.
6	My kid broke my watch today...I was so mad!	My kid broke my watch today...I was so mad!	Oh no!  How old is he/she?
5	I'm happy with my cooking skills, I make great pasta [SEP] That's great. I should visit you once for your great Pasta!! [SEP] Thanks! I make it fresh from scratch with flour and eggs	Thanks! I make it fresh from scratch with flour and eggs	you are so skillful!! you should start your own brand!!
4	I came home from a long day of work ready to eat this steak I had marinating when I found my roomate had eaten it. I was so upset! [SEP] No way, that is the worst. Did you ask your roommate why he or she ate it? [SEP] All he said was that he thought it was free game even though I had specifically told him it was mine. 	All he said was that he thought it was free game even though I had specifically told him it was mine. 	I am sorry to hear that! 
7	I recently applied for a job after being out of the workforce for 13 years! [SEP] Congratulations!!! That can be both exciting and terrifying? Where are you on that spectrum? ;-) [SEP] I'm so excited! But a little scared too. I hope I get it! [SEP] I am sending you all the best vibes. Is it in a field you've worked in before? [SEP] Thank you! It's a customer service job, which I've done, but in a different industry.	Thank you! It's a customer service job, which I've done, but in a different industry.	Happily, a lot of employers seem to be willing to extrapolate that if you had talents in one industry, they'd apply to another. You can always learn about different subjects; you can't always learn how to bring that special spark that customer service needs. Best of luck!
6	I really miss being a kid [SEP] What do you miss most about being a kid? [SEP] Not caring about anything but having fun lol	Not caring about anything but having fun lol	Just relaxing and playing?
8	I rip on my friends and make mean jokes about them alot.  But that doesn't mean I hate them in fact I look out for them like they are my brothers	I rip on my friends and make mean jokes about them alot.  But that doesn't mean I hate them in fact I look out for them like they are my brothers	Its really good that you have friends like that. I'm sure they realize that you are just joking with them!
2	I have been studying for my math final all this week. I am going to knock it out of the park! [SEP] That is great to hear. Are you good at math? [SEP] Not so much, which is why I have been studying so hard. I'm really looking forward to this one, though, because I am so prepared.	Not so much, which is why I have been studying so hard. I'm really looking forward to this one, though, because I am so prepared.	I hope you do well then
7	My friend gave up his dream school to go to a local college so he can stay close to his mom. [SEP] Thats sad. But, sometimes people need others to help take care of them. [SEP] She really does  need him to be around.	She really does  need him to be around.	Its good that he's there for her.
1	I paid off my car, it's a momentous occasion!	I paid off my car, it's a momentous occasion!	I look forward to the day where I can say the same! That must feel liberating!
1	I put in vacation request since January for next week. And now they're telling me they're too busy to let me go. [SEP] Oh no! Are they even allowed to do that? [SEP] I don't think I have a choice. Otherwise, I lose my job.	I don't think I have a choice. Otherwise, I lose my job.	That really sucks. I hate how employers expect us to work to death.
5	I just aet a whole pack of cookies [SEP] Oh my, do you feel content with all that sugar in your body? [SEP] Not really. I feel ashamed of myself	Not really. I feel ashamed of myself	Its okay, you should treat yourself every now and then!
5	I really dislike chocolate cake but my mom got me some. [SEP] What's your favorite kind of cake flavor [SEP] I love vanilla, I was quite let down in that moment.	I love vanilla, I was quite let down in that moment.	Ice ice baby widen your horizons maybe can't identify with the girl or guy who shy's away from chocolate cake b***h u craayy
0	My sister just told me that she is having a baby! [SEP] It must be such an exciting time for her and your family! [SEP] Yeah I'm so happy for her and her husband!	Yeah I'm so happy for her and her husband!	Get a nice gift for her to let her know how happy you are for them!
4	My puppy just passed away	My puppy just passed away	Oh no! I'm so sorry. What kind of dog was he?
4	Times sure have changed. When I was a kid no one locked their doors or had to get weapons for self-protection.	Times sure have changed. When I was a kid no one locked their doors or had to get weapons for self-protection.	Yeah, the crime rate has steadily been rising. Not good.
2	One day after work, I was sitting at a table with one of my coworkers and my boss. I was 14 at the time and we worked in a bakery. I said something about brown cows and chocolate milk. That was when i realized that chocolate milk didnt come from brown cows.  [SEP] Haha too funny! Wow 14?! Suprised you didn't learn it earlier haha  [SEP] I know! I felt so dumb. We all laughed so hard. 	I know! I felt so dumb. We all laughed so hard. 	I bet, thats a great memory! lol
4	I worked so hard for my final exam but i failed in the end.	I worked so hard for my final exam but i failed in the end.	oooh sorry did you give up
6	I took my final exams and I am awaiting the results. I pray that I will pass with a good grade.	I took my final exams and I am awaiting the results. I pray that I will pass with a good grade.	Whew, always a rough time. How do you think you did?
3	I went to an old part of town and these guys really scared me. [SEP] Oh no, next time you should bring a friend to be safe. [SEP] I know that's smart i should not have gone alone.	I know that's smart i should not have gone alone.	It's okay, you got out fine this time!
3	I think I found someone that's interested in my house finally . It's been on the market for over a year now. 	I think I found someone that's interested in my house finally . It's been on the market for over a year now. 	That can be stressful. I hope you get the sale. What will you do afterwards?
8	finally no more school for me! [SEP] Hooray, celebrate and have fun until you have to start working and it all begins again. [SEP] Yes I am dreading but am excited about that aspect.	Yes I am dreading but am excited about that aspect.	Be happy dude cause your on to a new chapter in your life. But whatever you do make sure you wake up every day wanting to do it.
4	Me and this girl were doing really well on Tinder and we even started dating. It didn't turn out well unfortunately. [SEP] Oh.. sorry to hear that. May i ask what happened between the two of you to break things off? [SEP] I was shocked since things were going so well and then she suddenly dumped me.	I was shocked since things were going so well and then she suddenly dumped me.	Sorry buddy.. sometimes things dont work out. i know it sucks, but you are better than that.
5	I'm really said. I'm missing my youthful vigor.  [SEP] Your youthful vigor? You think you're too old now? You're only too old if you allow yourself to be. My girlfriend's 90-year-old grandfather was a full-of-life WWII vet who lit up the room when he came in. Of course, you're not as physically active, but you have to learn to utilize your life in different ways. [SEP] Yeah, I just don't have the energy I need to do things I want to. 	Yeah, I just don't have the energy I need to do things I want to. 	Well, maybe it's an opportunity for introspection. For you to take time out of your day to think about what you need and want, and what are the best ways to achieve that. Maybe you need a better diet, or sleep schedule, or meditation, or an exercise routine. Sometimes you have to spend energy to feel energized. It's a slow process in the beginning, but it can be life-changing.
6	Before I met my girlfriend and friend group, I was so lonely all the time	Before I met my girlfriend and friend group, I was so lonely all the time	That's a shame - I'm glad that you've got friends now though. Why was that?
3	I was really mad with my housemate last night. She got in really late and made loads of noise [SEP] Oh that can be annoying! I guess in her defence it was a Saturday night? But still, it doesn't take much effort to try to keep the noise down even if you do get in late! I hope you were able to sleep okay.  [SEP] Yeah I agree, we both work shifts though so sometimes I have to work all of Saturday day and I always make sure to keep the noise down if she's had to work a Saturday. Thank you.	Yeah I agree, we both work shifts though so sometimes I have to work all of Saturday day and I always make sure to keep the noise down if she's had to work a Saturday. Thank you.	Yeah, like you suggest, it is the little considerations of the other person's needs that can make the difference between an okay and a really good flatmate.
0	I have an important exam tomorrow and feel that something bad will happen. [SEP] What could go wrong when you're taking an exam? [SEP] Its just that I feel anxious and think I am going to fail! 	Its just that I feel anxious and think I am going to fail! 	I understand that but I think you will be fine! We all get that fear when it comes to an important test, it means we're human and still feel things!
3	I took the bus without paying for it. I feel bad afterward. [SEP] I can understand that [SEP] I will see how I can repair what I did.	I will see how I can repair what I did.	That is good.  You will feel better
3	My family just left on a trip for a week and I had to stay back to work.  [SEP] Oh that's too bad. How long before they get home? [SEP] They'll be gone for 7 days and 6 nights! [SEP] Oh well hopefully it goes quick for you but at least they will have a good trip which is nice! [SEP] That's so true! I think they will have fun but I will miss them being all alone in the house. 	That's so true! I think they will have fun but I will miss them being all alone in the house. 	I hope it goes okay and for you the time passes fast! 
8	I'm looing forward to all the soccer on tv today [SEP] I love watching soccer . [SEP] Who do you support?	Who do you support?	I love Manchester United.
8	When I was working my first job, my parents picked me up in my new car, I was very surprised, i thought I was gonna have to buy my own car [SEP] wow, that was so awesome of them! [SEP] Yeah it really was, I am still very thankful of them	Yeah it really was, I am still very thankful of them	I had to buy my first car and it wasn't until I was 21 that I could afford it. 
1	While driving someone backed up and almost hit me	While driving someone backed up and almost hit me	Oh man. That must have been nerve wrecking.
6	im very sure that I will have straight As in the exam [SEP] That is good, have you studied hard? [SEP] Yes I have because I wanted my parents to be proud of me 	Yes I have because I wanted my parents to be proud of me 	That is good, where do you go to school?
6	after all it wasn't a good experience [SEP] What wasn't a good experience? [SEP] my friend knowing the truth	my friend knowing the truth	Tell me more, what happened with your friend?
0	My husband has been out of town for work for the past few days.  It's been a bit interesting. [SEP] Why so interestin? [SEP] Well, I did not realize how different it would be to be alone in the house for a few days.  I don't really like it much.	Well, I did not realize how different it would be to be alone in the house for a few days.  I don't really like it much.	I know the feeling. Do you huys get to talk?
2	My friend really is stronger than he looks. I thought he would have issues curling 35 lbs but he did it pretty easily.  [SEP] That's amazing! I wish I could lift that much. [SEP] I'm getting there myself, I can curl about 30 lbs. I'm pretty proud of his gains though.	I'm getting there myself, I can curl about 30 lbs. I'm pretty proud of his gains though.	You'll get there in no time. I believe in you.
1	i was ready for that interview last week [SEP] How did it go? [SEP] i got the job	i got the job	That's great news to hear!
5	I really care about my brothers, our bond is closer than most I feel like	I really care about my brothers, our bond is closer than most I feel like	thats what the love and family bond i think
8	I planned a vacation with a friend who got severely sick right beforehand so I had to go without her. Its been fun so far but quiet and there's no one to have fun with.	I planned a vacation with a friend who got severely sick right beforehand so I had to go without her. Its been fun so far but quiet and there's no one to have fun with.	That sucks but, i'm glad you're enjoying your self still.
6	I used to be able to ride a bike and I enjoyed it, then I injured my leg. I miss that now. [SEP] I know what you mean. In time you will be able to ride again. [SEP] I really hope so. It's been years and it hurts whenever I try.	I really hope so. It's been years and it hurts whenever I try.	Have you thought about getting therapy?  Sometimes, it will speed the process of healing.
4	I have two uncles and they both died within 3 months of each otehr	I have two uncles and they both died within 3 months of each otehr	That's very sad, I'm sorry. I have had family members pass as well and it is never easy. 
0	I was looking forward to eating cake when I got home, but turns out someone ate it. [SEP] Boo!  Did it make you mad?  I would have been! [SEP] I was super sad. 	I was super sad. 	Rightly so!  Nothing worse than expecting something and then it not being there!
7	I trust in my brothers, they very rarely let me down [SEP] It is good to have people you can count on. If you can't trust your family, who can you trust? :) [SEP] Exactly, it is a big deal to always have someone to rely on	Exactly, it is a big deal to always have someone to rely on	Totally! I also have a very trusting family.
5	This morning I was organizing some old boxes and I found pictures of me and my friends during our high school years [SEP] I've done this before! It can be very nostalgic to see old friends that you haven't seen in awhile. Did it bring back any particular memories? [SEP] Yes! it broght back many memories about the good times we spent together.	Yes! it broght back many memories about the good times we spent together.	You could always make a collage with your favorite pictures! 
8	Feeling a bit scared about the weekend.	Feeling a bit scared about the weekend.	Feeling a bit scared about the weekend.
2	when i don't know what's going to happen it gives me so much stress [SEP] I completely understand  [SEP] it's like the first day at a new job or in a doctor's office waiting room	it's like the first day at a new job or in a doctor's office waiting room	I feel for you and hope you have a way to manage it 
1	I wanted to buy some egg rolls from the store, but they no longer sell my favorite ones	I wanted to buy some egg rolls from the store, but they no longer sell my favorite ones	ah that's so sad. You would miss your favorite one. i think you need to find something else
6	 I hate scary movies, they scare me so much, especially jumpscares [SEP] What movies do you like to watch instead?  [SEP] I like action movies and comedies mostly	I like action movies and comedies mostly	Any favorite actors? 
4	My dog didn't make it outside today and pooped right in my living room floor	My dog didn't make it outside today and pooped right in my living room floor	I am sorry to hear that.
2	I can't wait for the next season of Stranger Things to get released. I want to see how eleven uses her powers. [SEP] Stranger things is one of my favorite shows!  It stinks that the next season has been pushed to next summer though. [SEP] Yeah I don't want to wait that long. It is going to be so hard for me.	Yeah I don't want to wait that long. It is going to be so hard for me.	I feel ya.  The kids will be all grown up by then!
1	There's a huge stuffed bear on my yard.	There's a huge stuffed bear on my yard.	That sounds creepy
7	so proud of my son , he said his first words yesterday [SEP] Amazing! How old is he?  [SEP] 16 months	16 months	Adorable so happy for you! 
1	On a similar theme. I have a friend who got on really well on an blind date [SEP] That is great news.  He must be lucky. [SEP] Yeah - I'd be too scared to meet a stranger from online.	Yeah - I'd be too scared to meet a stranger from online.	It seems like everything worked out for him.
0	Last month, I was very upset. [SEP] Sorry to hear that. What were you upset about? [SEP] I got C in one of the important exams	I got C in one of the important exams	A C is not too bad. I know how you feel, I hold myself to a very high standard as well. It could have been much worse though!
2	I am having my first child and I am anxious about it. [SEP] that is awesome i would feel the same way , i want to be a father one day i am really happy for you [SEP] Thank you, I can't wait.	Thank you, I can't wait.	you made my day , hope everything goes well 
6	I was a little sad with the weather today. We had to cancel plans [SEP] Rainy? [SEP] Very much so, and the wind was blowing	Very much so, and the wind was blowing	Yuck
7	I have a wonderful family and my health that has been horrible, is finally turning around with my hard work. I am happy with life.	I have a wonderful family and my health that has been horrible, is finally turning around with my hard work. I am happy with life.	I am so glad to hear everything is going well for you!. It is good to hear your health is improving.
3	I'm going back to college which is really bittersweet. [SEP] 5 [SEP] It sucks since I won't get to see my cat.	It sucks since I won't get to see my cat.	Oops.  I didn't mean to type 5 LOL.  I hope you get to take breaks to go see your cat on the weekends :(
4	My dog was my best friend, now he's gone and I feel isolated.	My dog was my best friend, now he's gone and I feel isolated.	Oh no I'm so sorry to hear that. Are you thinking about getting another one?
2	It was impressive when lebron left the cavs for the lakers [SEP] I'm not familiar with basketball. Why would it be hard for him to leave? [SEP] because he already left once before and it is where he was from	because he already left once before and it is where he was from	I hope the lakers treats him well.
4	I didn't got accepted in the college I applied to	I didn't got accepted in the college I applied to	Oh I'm sorry. That must suck. Any second choice?
5	I stepped in tobacco spit today when I went out to check my mail barefoot! [SEP] Ugh, that is disgusting.  I'm guessing it wasn't your own? [SEP] No! It was one of my nasty neighbors with their nasty Skoal habit. I almost threw up. [SEP] I bet.  It would be bad enough it was just spit, but the tobacco amps it up to 11.  It would be nice if people had enough respect for others not to do that sort of stuff. [SEP] I know right? I'm gonna put a very angry passive aggressive note on their door tonight.	I know right? I'm gonna put a very angry passive aggressive note on their door tonight.	That should solve the problem!
6	This has been a long year.	This has been a long year.	What has made it such a long  year for you?
3	I once skipped out on thanksgiving with my family to go on a road trip with a girl. I didn't answer their phone calls. It was fun, but I didn't like disappointing my family. [SEP] At least you had a lot of fun [SEP] It was fun, which is what makes me so conflicted about it. What wasn't fun was seeing my family's faces when I got back.	It was fun, which is what makes me so conflicted about it. What wasn't fun was seeing my family's faces when I got back.	Well, they will get over it
4	I cheated on my best friend.	I cheated on my best friend.	Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, you seem upset about it.
0	I miss when my daughter was a baby, I wish I could go back in time [SEP] How old is she now? why do you miss her baby stage? [SEP] Shes 5 now. It was much easier	Shes 5 now. It was much easier	I see, she is probably all rambunctious now.
8	My parents paid for all my years in college. It would have cost me a small fortune, so I am forever thankful to them! [SEP] How nice of them. My oldest is paying her own way. I wish I was in a situation that I could help her more. [SEP] Yeah, I felt really lucky not having to get student loans!	Yeah, I felt really lucky not having to get student loans!	I'm sure it was a huge relief not having to worry about loans. I'm still dealing with mine and I graduated in 2008.
6	I have had so much to get together for my grad school application.	I have had so much to get together for my grad school application.	What school are you applying to?
0	We live in an area that gets hurricanes. When one was coming, we got flashlights, batteries and everything you need. 	We live in an area that gets hurricanes. When one was coming, we got flashlights, batteries and everything you need. 	its always good to be prepared. I live in an area that gets hurricanes too.  I've even got a generator. 
5	I worried a lot yesterday. [SEP] What happened? I hope everything is alright and nothing really horrible happened [SEP] Yeah, everything is fine. But my favorite tea cup was broken.	Yeah, everything is fine. But my favorite tea cup was broken.	Come on. You should grow up. What a petty concern you have
1	I lost my wedding ring.	I lost my wedding ring.	wow that sucks
6	I took out the trash today and the bag burst all over me. I knew I shouldn't have kept 50 pounds of ramen sitting in the fridge for 2 months.	I took out the trash today and the bag burst all over me. I knew I shouldn't have kept 50 pounds of ramen sitting in the fridge for 2 months.	Why put ramen in the fridge?
2	I had a speech I had to deliver at work in front of a big prospective client. [SEP] Ooh that is rough having to prepare for. How do you think you did? [SEP]  I studied and memorized the speech for weeks and went over it thoroughly. When it came time to deliver the speech, I nailed it!	 I studied and memorized the speech for weeks and went over it thoroughly. When it came time to deliver the speech, I nailed it!	That's awesome! I'm so glad to hear that! Hopefully this boosts your confidence for next time, now you know you can do it.
5	My house is perfect for my family. Just big enough for everyone. I love it. [SEP] That's awesome! I close on my first house Monday! [SEP] How exciting! I love being a homeowner!	How exciting! I love being a homeowner!	I think I will too!
3	I had to drive 5 hours the other day to attend a funeral of a cousin of mine.  It was a sad day.  Got to see family though. [SEP] oh im sorry to here that. always good to see family [SEP] Yeah.  Seems like they're dropping like flies up there.  Won't have much family left in illinois if this keeps happening	Yeah.  Seems like they're dropping like flies up there.  Won't have much family left in illinois if this keeps happening	hopefully things get better for you
2	I took a sip of milk at work and it was sour. [SEP] Oh yuck. Maybe it was expired then? [SEP] I am pretty sure.  I was really sickened by it.	I am pretty sure.  I was really sickened by it.	I hope you threw it out!
6	i was impressed when i saw lebron leave the cavs a second time	i was impressed when i saw lebron leave the cavs a second time	What was impressive about that?
3	My dog is 6 years old.  He's my little boy.  I don't know what I would do if I lost him. [SEP] I feel the same about my dog. They really are like family members. [SEP] lol.  I know right?  What are we gonna do when we lose them?  	lol.  I know right?  What are we gonna do when we lose them?  	I will just think they are happily watching down over us and try to go on one day at a time.
8	I miss when I was younger.  [SEP] I know the feeling.  I wish i could go back to being little again [SEP] Yeah, back then I was able to stay up all night an be just fine!	Yeah, back then I was able to stay up all night an be just fine!	yea and I didnt have to go to work!
5	My old elementary school principal saved me from drowning when I was in 1st grade.  I'm eternally thankful for her and hope she's doing well wherever she is now [SEP] thats an amazing memory to have, have you since visited her or sent her a card?  [SEP] That's a great idea but I don't know where she lives	That's a great idea but I don't know where she lives	I would call the school and see if they can disclose that or maybe they can accept the card from you to give to her! 
6	after all it wasn't a good experience	after all it wasn't a good experience	What wasn't a good experience?
0	I am very pleased with the work Trump has done. [SEP] Yeah, I really liked those hunting trophies he got. We should be allowed to kill any animals we see! [SEP] I was talking about him as president.	I was talking about him as president.	Oh I was thinking of his son. I don't know much about the Donald besides the Twitter stuff.
0	I am so excited to get away for a bit	I am so excited to get away for a bit	Getting away is definitely needed sometimes.
8	My daughters are talented musicians. I'm very proud of them. [SEP] That is awesome, I am very much the opposite, hat is a great skill! [SEP] I think so too. one is a violinist and the other a pianist.	I think so too. one is a violinist and the other a pianist.	Wow those are not easy to learn either, good job raising them!
7	I am very certain about my girl's love for me [SEP] That's so sweet. It's good to have that kind of faith in your relationships. [SEP] yes we have been together for 5 years now	yes we have been together for 5 years now	Congratulations. I hope you stay happy always.
2	I studied hard for this test so im ready to take it [SEP] That's good, think you're gonna get an A? [SEP] hopefully i will, feeling like im good to go	hopefully i will, feeling like im good to go	Yeah hopefully you do pretty well at least.
3	why is it everytime im up in life something brings me down [SEP] Unfortunately, it happens to all of us. [SEP] I just wish for once I could get ahead in life!	I just wish for once I could get ahead in life!	You will if you believe you can!
7	This morning driving into work, people were refusing to use their blinker.	This morning driving into work, people were refusing to use their blinker.	The quality of driving is going down and down.
7	My weekend plan is cancelled due to the weather. It sucks [SEP] That's never fun. hope you can find something else to do. [SEP] Yeah i got to do that. but  it was so frustrating it got cancellaed	Yeah i got to do that. but  it was so frustrating it got cancellaed	Yea, good luck for a reschedule.
5	i really want to lose weight. i know i can do it [SEP] I am sure you can, it just takes dedication and effort is all! [SEP] yes, and i'm very motivated	yes, and i'm very motivated	Then you should have no problems at all!
4	I was mad last week when my car would not start. Its always giving me problems [SEP] Did you have to fix it? [SEP] I am going to have to this weekend	I am going to have to this weekend	Oh, sorry to hear that!
5	I spilled all my coffee on my shirt in front of the cute barista. I dont think I can return. What an idiot.	I spilled all my coffee on my shirt in front of the cute barista. I dont think I can return. What an idiot.	Haha, you could have played it off as cute and clumsy and maybe they would have been into it
1	My wife have been with me through thick and thin for 30 years [SEP] That is extremely loyal! You must have a really happy relationship?  [SEP] Yes we have 4 lovely girls, they are all graduates of Ivy league universities. 2 are married 	Yes we have 4 lovely girls, they are all graduates of Ivy league universities. 2 are married 	It sounds like you really have had a good life so far! It makes me feel happy hearing good news stories like this 
2	When we moved, my grandfather gave me a lamp as a gift.  He attached a cut out of a spider to the inside of the shade. [SEP] Haha! That definitely must have scared many people that did not know what it was. That must be hilarious to watch! [SEP] I screamed bloody murder when I saw it lol	I screamed bloody murder when I saw it lol	hahaha I can imagine! I guess I would have done the same. I hope you got him back. Heehee
6	I glad my boyfriend and I reconciled	I glad my boyfriend and I reconciled	Oh! That's great to hear. What were you fighting about?
4	lost my keys at the beach, had to pay a bundle to have them replaced	lost my keys at the beach, had to pay a bundle to have them replaced	I am sorry about that. What kind of keys?
0	I went to the Grand Canyon for the first time during winter. It was breathtaking.  [SEP] I've never been there. I think it would be intimidating. [SEP] No, I didnt go down. I just observed from a safe distance. [SEP] My dad and uncle actually went camping down there. You go with a guide and you set up camp in a few different places. [SEP] Thats sounds cool. Im more of an independent traveler. I try to avoid guides.  [SEP] Im the same, but I think in a place like the grand canyon, it's really dangerous to try to go down there alone. [SEP] I assumed people did it all the time. I guess it depends on how you get down there. I think there are easier paths.	I assumed people did it all the time. I guess it depends on how you get down there. I think there are easier paths.	Yes, I know I wouldn't mind riding the donkey or mule down there.
5	I really hate my printer [SEP] Is it acting crazy or just not working? [SEP] That stupid thing is always acting up.  	That stupid thing is always acting up.  	You could name it Bob Marley since it's always "jammin" lol I couldn't resist
1	I just found an old report card as I was cleaning out my basement. It brought back a lot of memories  [SEP] oh how exciting. what grade was it from? [SEP] Elementary school. Third grade I think? 	Elementary school. Third grade I think? 	that is so sweet. it would be fun if you have children so you can share it with them.
4	it sucked i was heartbroken but i let her go	it sucked i was heartbroken but i let her go	... im sorry, how did it happen
8	I ate 12 pizzas all by myself today. Never felt so bad about myself. [SEP] Woah how did you manage to eat 12 pizzas [SEP] I have no idea! My poor stomach wanted to commit suppeku though.	I have no idea! My poor stomach wanted to commit suppeku though.	oh oh. It's alright next time you should be bit careful not eat a lot
0	When I was going out to my car this morning, I was greeted by the disgusting sight of a dead possum.	When I was going out to my car this morning, I was greeted by the disgusting sight of a dead possum.	It probably stank a lot too.
8	I ate my boyfriend's birthday cake when he was at work [SEP] Oh no! before he got to have it? [SEP] Nono, this was after, I ate the leftovers	Nono, this was after, I ate the leftovers	Oh ok, thats not as bad.  I thought it was before he got a chance to blow out the candles
5	Wh didn't anyone explain adulting to me [SEP] What's your issue? [SEP] I am tired of paying bills lol [SEP] That's rough, being an adult has it's perk though! [SEP] I don't know  I miss being a kid [SEP] What do you miss most? [SEP] bring ignorant to responsibility lol	bring ignorant to responsibility lol	That is the best to be fair, maybe some day when we grow old we can be ignorant again.
1	my daughter past her drivers test	my daughter past her drivers test	That is great news!! ...... but a little scary at the same time. lol
0	I am happy to have my girlfriend of almost 3 years, she is amazing! [SEP] Good for you, healthy relationships are the best part about life! [SEP] That is for sure, it feels great to have someone on your side all the time	That is for sure, it feels great to have someone on your side all the time	I agree, going through life alone would be boring!
5	I was envious of my neighbor. He built a new deck	I was envious of my neighbor. He built a new deck	Aww!  Maybe it's time to start building yours!
4	 I am not feeling in a good mood today.  [SEP] Oh no, I hope you feel better soon. Do you want to talk about it? [SEP] thanks im just upset because i had to put my dog to sleep 	thanks im just upset because i had to put my dog to sleep 	I'm so sorry. Have you tried reading Rainbow Bridge, that could provide some comfort.
5	So I was finally convinced to try rock climbing this weekend for the first time.  I do not like heights at all. [SEP] Are you nervous about it? Hope it goes well. [SEP] I am very scared I must admit.  I am sure it will be fine, but I would rather be on the ground.	I am very scared I must admit.  I am sure it will be fine, but I would rather be on the ground.	Well maybe you should start with a small slope and work your way up. Don't terrify yourself.
4	MY sister was recently fired.	MY sister was recently fired.	Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that
3	In high school it felt like everyone had their first kiss before me.	In high school it felt like everyone had their first kiss before me.	At least you finally got one! Sometimes it helps not to focus too much on what everyone has has or has done.
7	My Year end appraisal is coming up. Am looking forward for a good hike [SEP] What does that mean? A raise at work? [SEP] yeah , raise for this financial year!!	yeah , raise for this financial year!!	oh. congratulations!
1	I randomly bumped into someone I havent seen for years yesterday [SEP] Oh, how did that go? [SEP] Good. She's just got married. That was a surprise	Good. She's just got married. That was a surprise	That is an interesting meeting.
2	When i won my 4th grade spelling bee i was so happy. [SEP] That's awesome. I never won, but I got close! [SEP] Yea im usually the same but I was happy i won for once.	Yea im usually the same but I was happy i won for once.	That's good man there will be more trust me.
4	I accidentally droped a dumbell on my toe at the gym. I felt so freaking stupid. [SEP] Did it hurt though [SEP] Yeah it hurt and I was listening to music so I might have yelled a cuss word loudly.	Yeah it hurt and I was listening to music so I might have yelled a cuss word loudly.	I am sorry, I would cuss too if it happened to me
4	My father in law was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer when our daughter was 9 months old.  She was his first granddaughter.	My father in law was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer when our daughter was 9 months old.  She was his first granddaughter.	Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that! I know how hard that can be for the family as well. Is he able to get treatments?
3	I was with my uncle the other day and he wanted to watch a Discovery TV show I wasn't familiar with so I said okay. It was Dirty Jobs. It was so gross, you couldn't pay me enough to do those jobs! [SEP] Haha!  I know exactly what you are talking about!  I love that show and yes, it is quite gross!  You must have felt quite disgusted! [SEP] I sure was! The images scroll through my head in like nightmares! Ahhhhh!	I sure was! The images scroll through my head in like nightmares! Ahhhhh!	Ooo!  Yuck!  I hope you don't get nightmares from it!
0	I'm looking forward to my big break.  Don't know when it is but I know it'll be in this life because I've been at ground zero and am willing to go through more hell just to reach the decadent, prestigious pinnacle of material success in this lifetime and nothing can stop me [SEP] Sounds like a goal to me. Good luck! [SEP] Thanks for you support.	Thanks for you support.	You're welcome. Goals is what makes life matters sometimes.
7	i am really excited about trying to have a baby with my husband [SEP] Oh that's awesome. Finally ready for the baby?  [SEP] we have been trying for 6 years and haven't had any luck	we have been trying for 6 years and haven't had any luck	I see. That's a long time. I wish you the best of luck this time!
0	One of my coworker's has been over 30 minutes late everyday for almost a month now. It's driving me crazy, and giving me so much more work to do. [SEP] Aw dang, that must really be pain for you. Have you talked with anyone else about this? I'm sure other people are having problems with this coworker also . [SEP] Oh yeah, it's been bothering everyone, but he is a friend of the manager, so he won't fire him. At this point me and the other employees are planning on taking it to corporate to get this resolved.	Oh yeah, it's been bothering everyone, but he is a friend of the manager, so he won't fire him. At this point me and the other employees are planning on taking it to corporate to get this resolved.	Ohhhhhhh, yeah that's really hard on everyone then. Taking it to corporate would be a good idea to help the company and the workers, if you need to vent out any more frustrations, just let me know!
6	I can't wait until my daughter gets a job	I can't wait until my daughter gets a job	how old is she ? and yeah work is important to teach her the value of money 
3	I am really praying that I get a promotion at work! I need the extra money and my boss knows I want it badly!	I am really praying that I get a promotion at work! I need the extra money and my boss knows I want it badly!	I hope you get it too!  Best of luck!  We all could use extra money in the pocket!
7	I am really looking forward to my special dinner with my partner! Our ten year anniversary is coming up!	I am really looking forward to my special dinner with my partner! Our ten year anniversary is coming up!	That's fantastic! Congratulations! Is it at a restaurant or home prepared?
2	Today is my birthday! I think tonight we are all going out. [SEP] Awesome! Happy Birthday to you! Where are you going?  [SEP] I think to a amusment park but im not sure!	I think to a amusment park but im not sure!	That seriously sounds like the best birthday ever... i hope you guys have an awesome time. 
3	I really do not like it when people lie to me. [SEP] I really hate that too. It just hurts. [SEP] Yes, I try not to associate with those kinds of people.	Yes, I try not to associate with those kinds of people.	Same here. It's better in the long run if you don't I believe.
8	My vehicle was involved in a crash  [SEP] Are you okay? [SEP] Yes I am	Yes I am	I'm glad you didn't get hurt.
8	I lost my temper the other day with my child when she threw food at me, and I felt like I was too mean! 	I lost my temper the other day with my child when she threw food at me, and I felt like I was too mean! 	well, we all have that moment in our days.. dont worry
2	My husband got a promotion, it's going to be great for our family! [SEP] Ooh, awesome! I bet everyone's excited! I hope the future holds many more wonderful things for you! [SEP] Thank you so much, I'm so glad he's worked as hard as he has. 	Thank you so much, I'm so glad he's worked as hard as he has. 	Yea, some people really prove that hard work can pay off. I hope he enjoys the promotion!
6	My girlfriend dumped me yesterday. [SEP] Oh man, that's a bummer, how did that happened? [SEP] She found someone new.  I am so hurt right now.	She found someone new.  I am so hurt right now.	Was she honest about it or did you find out the hard way?
6	Just came home from the buffet. Oh man, I'm stuffed	Just came home from the buffet. Oh man, I'm stuffed	what did you have? everything?
3	I'm stoked for leg day.  Been eating really well lately and getting enough sleep, I'm gonna go all out [SEP] Leg day? Never heard of that. Do explain. [SEP] The gym.	The gym.	Oh yeah now I get it. Hope you get a good workout in.
7	My friends threw me a little birthday party. I had no idea they were planning it.	My friends threw me a little birthday party. I had no idea they were planning it.	Amazing! Congratulations. Was it fun?
6	I just applied for a promotion, and I should earn at least 10k more. [SEP] That's awesome. Do you think you will get it? [SEP] I hope so! It will help finances a lot.	I hope so! It will help finances a lot.	Yes, definitely. Do you plan on buying anything new?
5	A friend of mine is setting the bar really high by going to get her second masters degree. [SEP] Oh man! Good luck to her, are you envious? [SEP] I am, but I'm inspired more than anything. She's setting such a great example.	I am, but I'm inspired more than anything. She's setting such a great example.	I'm so glad that you're happy for her! Start the climb yourself! Maybe ask her for some help?
3	I've got water dripping from the ceiling under my new AC unit. [SEP] That must be annoying! [SEP] Annoying is an understatment.   I've got to take off work tomorrow to have them come fix the AC - plus the water damage.	Annoying is an understatment.   I've got to take off work tomorrow to have them come fix the AC - plus the water damage.	I hope that gets resolved soon.
1	I miss living in the city. [SEP] Did you move to the country? [SEP] Not really. Further outside of the city though. The neighborhood was getting rough.	Not really. Further outside of the city though. The neighborhood was getting rough.	Well you have to be safe
6	Bumped into this girl I used to have a crush on in High School.	Bumped into this girl I used to have a crush on in High School.	Thats exciting.  How did that go?
8	I have an older mailman...around 40 and he is the kind here and he constantly writes on my mail and doesn't deliver it. [SEP] Is he bad at his job or hitting on you? [SEP] He thinks he is the king*. He is very bad. My mailbox is on the outside of my fence but he writes "dogs" on it..won't deliver it and also he throws my packages to wreck them. Post office thinks he is great and won't do anything about it. [SEP] Make him Facebook famous. The Viral terrible mail man.  [SEP] I know! I just got cameras for that except I never have packages delivered here anymore because of him.	I know! I just got cameras for that except I never have packages delivered here anymore because of him.	Send you self a empty package or something.
1	My son said his first word today!	My son said his first word today!	That is so cool!
7	I am starting a new job tomorrow and I am so nervous. I home that it goes well.  [SEP] Congratulations and I'm sure you will do fine.  Do you think you will enjoy doing it? [SEP] I think so, but I never done a job like this before so I hope do well. 	I think so, but I never done a job like this before so I hope do well. 	It'll be a good experience at the very least, good luck!
0	I am saving money to be able to buy a new car. My current car is having too many car failures. I think one day it will stop working. [SEP] What car do you want? I am in the same boat! [SEP] I want to buy a honda civic 2018. And you?	I want to buy a honda civic 2018. And you?	I am looking at Ford Fiesta, it is a bit cheaper and runs smoothly
2	i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog! [SEP] Oh no, is your dog okay? [SEP] dont know he is still missing	dont know he is still missing	I hope your dog is found safe.
6	it irked me when i saw my brother coming into the house [SEP] Why did it irk you? was he not suppose to be there? [SEP] he stole money from me	he stole money from me	Have you confronted him about it yet?
7	I have to go to the dmv on friday. I am nervous about it [SEP] Why are you nervous? [SEP] I hate going to that place	I hate going to that place	Yes, the lines are a pain.
6	Every fall my family and I used to go apple picking when I was younger. Those were good times.	Every fall my family and I used to go apple picking when I was younger. Those were good times.	Ahh sounds like some great memories. Do you often feel nostalgic about these times?
6	I really really need that check to come, in the mail.	I really really need that check to come, in the mail.	Have you been expecting it long? 
7	I'm sad I didn't get the job I really wanted and prepared for. [SEP] Oh no!  im sorry, I have been there before too many times.  Just know everything happens for a reason  [SEP] That's what I keep reminding myself as I apply for more jobs.	That's what I keep reminding myself as I apply for more jobs.	Good! I try my best to live by that.  Its hard sometimes though,  Life is weird.
5	I get annoyed when I see over weight people [SEP] LOOOLLL I'm the same way I hate their lack of willpower! [SEP] I just don't understand why they let themselves go. [SEP] Yeah at what point would you not look yourself in the mirror and be disgusted? [SEP] I think they like what they see.	I think they like what they see.	I think people find a way to lie to themself, and convince themselves that it isn't that bad.  body dismorphia.
0	3 [SEP] ? [SEP] Sorry. I meant to say that when my power went off for a few minutes last night, the sound it made scared me	Sorry. I meant to say that when my power went off for a few minutes last night, the sound it made scared me	It always scares me too when my power goes off. I'll nearly break my toe hitting it on walls and furniture trying to light a candle lol
8	There si always a fight when my family gets together [SEP] Is it more of verbal arguing or flat out physical fights? [SEP] Both. We aren't going to have thanksgiving together this year. They cancelled it last thanksgiving. ITs terrible [SEP] Wow. What do they usually argue about?  [SEP] The stupidest thing	The stupidest thing	my family gets into politics a lot, but fortunately it rarely turns hostile.
6	I was sick, but I needed some milk, so I let my neighbor take my credit card to the store to get some.	I was sick, but I needed some milk, so I let my neighbor take my credit card to the store to get some.	That's very trusting. Did they come back with the milk?
6	It was terminal, and the doctor said they caught it too late.	It was terminal, and the doctor said they caught it too late.	What?! Are you sick or your family member?
8	I get excited around men and not sure if I might be gay	I get excited around men and not sure if I might be gay	Yes may very well be gay. Nothing wrong with that.  Ive had alot of gay friends.
7	I am very nervous about my wife giving birth next month. [SEP] That is worrisome but also exciting. Is it your first child? [SEP] Yes, it is my first child. It is going to be a boy.	Yes, it is my first child. It is going to be a boy.	Congratulations. I wish you the best of luck. Parenthood is a blessing.
3	When i was younger, my mother would always take away my PC because I would always play video games on them. [SEP] I was the same way. [SEP] Now that I am older though, my girlfriend tries to take away my Pc. Very rough days in my life. [SEP] Lol. I take away my daughters now. I guess my mom passed the torch. [SEP] Stop doing that, it is very important to have a pc. The internet is the future and very many jobs are opening up online.	Stop doing that, it is very important to have a pc. The internet is the future and very many jobs are opening up online.	She is 13 not at 3am
6	A blossom friend we lost contact for 10years now	A blossom friend we lost contact for 10years now	Why did you lose contact? What happened?
6	I went to make a patty melt today and my bread was moldy. [SEP] Oh no! I hate when I'm hungry for something and it goes wrong like that! [SEP] I know! It was a super specific craving I was having too.	I know! It was a super specific craving I was having too.	The worst! Did you find something else to eat?
3	I saw a hurricane coming towards my house and there was nothing I could do than to evacuate  [SEP] Oh wow I hope you are save did you have to evacuate to a shelter or to family house away? [SEP] We evacuated to my parents house many miles away. Safe to say, it was a terrifying ordeal	We evacuated to my parents house many miles away. Safe to say, it was a terrifying ordeal	Glad you and your family is safe and let's just hope the storm passes by and cause no damage to home town.
3	the chargers are set up for a great season! [SEP] I agree, are you looking forward to them winning some silverware? [SEP] i sure hope so! the roster is good	i sure hope so! the roster is good	Yep, and I think they will be playing fantastically well. No one stands a chance!
5	im 800 miles from my family and i miss them [SEP] That must be pretty lonely. Do you talk often? [SEP] mostly daily or at least once a week	mostly daily or at least once a week	Well that should help
7	I start a new job on Monday! I am as ready as I could be to hit the ground running! [SEP] wow congrats [SEP] Thanks!  It took a lot of planning and work to get to this point!	Thanks!  It took a lot of planning and work to get to this point!	yeah all the best fo 
5	I know that I will make the NHL next season. [SEP] Wow, you sound really confident of that! I hope you have a backup plan in case you don't, but you must be really good at hockey. [SEP] I do have a backup plan but hopefully I won't need it.	I do have a backup plan but hopefully I won't need it.	Well, maybe I'll be seeing you on the television one day!
6	My friend recently lended me their car so I can go out of town	My friend recently lended me their car so I can go out of town	That was nice of them. Did you have any problems with their car?
2	I'm eagerly awaiting my son going to kindergarten. [SEP] When does he start? [SEP] In about three weeks from now. I almost don't know how to feel about it, though.	In about three weeks from now. I almost don't know how to feel about it, though.	I am sure he will have fun.
0	I just got a promotion at work. [SEP] Congrats. You must be very proud of yourself. Will you celebrate? [SEP] I really am.  It was so much hard work, I must celebrate.	I really am.  It was so much hard work, I must celebrate.	I agree, be sure to keeping up the good work! 
5	I'm pretty worked up right now, my wife went out to dinner with her friends and didn't bring me anything home! [SEP] I would be mad! Did she say why she didn't bring you anything? [SEP] She must be mad about something, she always at least asks if I want anything!	She must be mad about something, she always at least asks if I want anything!	Maybe you could talk to her after you calm down a bit.  I'm sure there is a reason.
2	Last time I was in my hometown I drove in front the grocery store I used to work at. It was so cool to see it was still up and running. [SEP] Awesome! Have they upgraded it any or does it look the same? [SEP] It looks exactly the same. It really brought me back thinking about those days.	It looks exactly the same. It really brought me back thinking about those days.	Oh wow, I bet it felt very nostalgic. Almost like being in a time machine.
8	My daughter got into an Ivy league school after high school. I am so happy for her! [SEP] You must be so happy and proud! Is she going to have to move far away to go? [SEP] Yes, I am going to miss her when she moves out	Yes, I am going to miss her when she moves out	But what a good start in life. If she's going to leave home, it might as well be for the Ivy League.
1	I have a really good life. I have everything I could want including a house, wife, and a dog. 	I have a really good life. I have everything I could want including a house, wife, and a dog. 	That's really great. I'm happy for you.
7	I don't like watching romantic movies but my wife really wanted to watch "life as we know it" last night and i actually liked it [SEP] That is awesome! I dont think anyone should feel ashamed of what they look like in a bathing suit. We all have imperfections! [SEP] I agree with you on that	I agree with you on that	I think we are all our own best critics and can be too hard on ourselves when it comes to appearances.
4	I was running late this morning and went outside to find a nail in my tire. It was flat. [SEP] Oh god. I hate that. What did you do? [SEP] I had to put the spare on and take the damaged tire to be fixed. It was so frustrating. 	I had to put the spare on and take the damaged tire to be fixed. It was so frustrating. 	I'm sorry that happened. How much did it cost to repair?
0	Just avoided cheating on my girlfriend.	Just avoided cheating on my girlfriend.	Whoa that's out of left field, how'd that happen.
5	You ever stub your toe after getting out of the shower? [SEP] OH yeah! It's so painful. Did you do that today? [SEP] yeah!  Ruined my whole day!  It's like the rest of the day is off kilter because of it!   [SEP] Things will get better from here on out [SEP] I hope so.  It doesn't even hurt anymore and it's still getting on my nerves LOL [SEP] They call that Post traumatic Stress Disorder [SEP] I'm sure it is lol.  Maybe I just need to take a nap.	I'm sure it is lol.  Maybe I just need to take a nap.	I think you should
6	My cat vomited on my shoes	My cat vomited on my shoes	Eww, did you get angry with her?
0	I let Daisy my cat out the other evening and she didn't come back home. [SEP] oh no. How long has she been gone. [SEP] two days. I live by a road , so I'm afraid she'll go in that direction. [SEP] I hope not. My friends cat left for two weeks once. she came back hungry, but she was fine. [SEP] I've seen a lot of animals killed on the highways. Its so sad.  [SEP] well I hope your cat returns safely. [SEP] thanks , nice chatting with you 	thanks , nice chatting with you 	you too
4	i cant even park where i want the neighbors keep stealing my parking spaces [SEP] that's not nice of them. is that parking lot assigned to you? [SEP] its not technically but they know me i have lived here for years	its not technically but they know me i have lived here for years	they should be nicer! i'm sorry they are so inconsiderate
0	I have received $8,400 credit line after my application was approved with American Express for a credit card. So satisfied with my credit score [SEP] No I did not [SEP] Do you have any credit cards?	Do you have any credit cards?	Yes, I have one credit card 
8	My friends dad past away, it was hard on her and the rest of her family. I ended up putting together one of them food trains to help them out [SEP] Good job. That can be really tough to go through that. [SEP] Yes it sure can. It was rough for them	Yes it sure can. It was rough for them	You are a good friend though. I wish i had more friends like you.
4	I feel sorry for the kid in my street.	I feel sorry for the kid in my street.	I feel sorry for him too, although I don't know what for. Can you refresh my memory?
6	I felt bad for firing her [SEP] Was she a bad employee? [SEP] No she wasn't 	No she wasn't 	Then what caused you to fire her?
5	I quit smoking maybe twice a month. I want to quit for forever. [SEP] Smoking is pretty bad for everyone. [SEP] I know. I can't make it a whole day though.	I know. I can't make it a whole day though.	You have to try, it could change your life.
6	It is something that was really important to her, and I still feel bad that I missed her 15th birthday 	It is something that was really important to her, and I still feel bad that I missed her 15th birthday 	Who is she?
5	I left the light on in my car the other day and it killed the battery [SEP] That happens to me all the time because I drive a large van with a lot of extras.  It is such a pain! [SEP] Yea it makes me want to just walk back inside and go back to sleep and ignore everything	Yea it makes me want to just walk back inside and go back to sleep and ignore everything	Maybe we both need to buy one of those chargers that you can keep in your car so you don't have to ask for a jump.
6	I was waiting on some pregnancy test results from the doctor.	I was waiting on some pregnancy test results from the doctor.	You must be anxious and excited! Was it expected?
3	I am really worried I will let my father down. [SEP] Why would you think that? [SEP] Cause I usually mess up.	Cause I usually mess up.	Try hard not too. That's the best you can do
0	I cannot believe that my own son would steal from me!!!! [SEP] Oh no. Why did he steal? [SEP] I have no idea but I thought I raised him better than this! $600 gone!	I have no idea but I thought I raised him better than this! $600 gone!	Sometimes they have a reason, and it doesn't make him a bad person depending on the reason.
5	I keet hearing odd sounds at night... I think there is a racoon in the attic!	I keet hearing odd sounds at night... I think there is a racoon in the attic!	I think it's time to call the animal protection unit
1	I want to go to a concert this weekend, it's a singer I liked a long time ago [SEP] Who is the singer? [SEP] A folk singer Regina Spektor, her voice is light and her songs are very pretty	A folk singer Regina Spektor, her voice is light and her songs are very pretty	I am a huge fan of hers too!
0	I was glad my dad showed me how to change a tire when I was young. It came in handy down the line	I was glad my dad showed me how to change a tire when I was young. It came in handy down the line	Nice! Thinking about it...I'm 22 and still don't know how to change a tire hahah
8	I buy a lottery ticket every week. No luck so far but I'll keep trying.	I buy a lottery ticket every week. No luck so far but I'll keep trying.	I do the same. At least we're contributing to somebody's fortune.
2	I'm a teacher.  School starts back for me in two weeks.	I'm a teacher.  School starts back for me in two weeks.	Oh boy, I guess you'll have your hands full.
0	my brothers ex wife hates us so much she told the nieces to hate us to , the funny thing is they love us more than her they are good kids  [SEP] kids can always see where the good really is. [SEP] we love the kids , all she wants is the child support money for her self 	we love the kids , all she wants is the child support money for her self 	thats not right. unfortunatly that happens too often
6	I had to go to a work conference last week.  I didn't know anyone there, and I really don't like to travel without my family.  It was hard.	I had to go to a work conference last week.  I didn't know anyone there, and I really don't like to travel without my family.  It was hard.	That does sound tough, did it go well at least?
8	Didn't mean to break his glass but I totally did. [SEP] What kinda glass? [SEP] It was a mug his father gave him, I was playing with my dog and I knocked it over.	It was a mug his father gave him, I was playing with my dog and I knocked it over.	He'll probably be upset, but I'm sure he'll come around. It was an accident.
7	have you ever had a big test coming up that you worried about? Well I had one recently.and I did not worry at all.	have you ever had a big test coming up that you worried about? Well I had one recently.and I did not worry at all.	Thats good because you prepared for it
2	The high school I went to is being torn down for a condo	The high school I went to is being torn down for a condo	I bet that is kind of sad to see it go.
0	Have you ever had escargot?	Have you ever had escargot?	No, that's a little too expensive for me.
5	I was so scared to go to sleep at night when I was a kid.  [SEP] Yeah? Me too, I used to be afraid of aliens. What were you scared of? [SEP] I was afraid that bigfoot was under my bed. I think he is still there...watching...waiting...	I was afraid that bigfoot was under my bed. I think he is still there...watching...waiting...	Yes he could be! Maybe you should check under the bed right now. He could be watching you.
0	I am just feeling generally happy at the moment, mostly just to have what I need to live and being healthy. [SEP] great health and being well off is a blessing, i too am grateful for tha [SEP] That's true. It's easy to lose sight of in life, but it's an important thing to realize.	That's true. It's easy to lose sight of in life, but it's an important thing to realize.	i agree! its refreshing to hear someone with a good outlook on life
4	I can't beleive my kids ruined my house so quickly. [SEP] What did they do to it? [SEP] I ordered a pizza and they left their plates and drinks everywhere and throw all of the pillows off of the couches. I don't know why	I ordered a pizza and they left their plates and drinks everywhere and throw all of the pillows off of the couches. I don't know why	Kids are like that sometimes, sorry about that
5	I miss when my kids were younger. They wanted to spend a lot of time with me. Now they are too old for that stuff.	I miss when my kids were younger. They wanted to spend a lot of time with me. Now they are too old for that stuff.	Well, kids eventually grow and become independent. Maybe you can try and go fishing with them or something? Or a family picnic?
6	My girlfriend and I recently broke up.  It's hard being in a house by myself all the time [SEP] oh its really frustrating and not fair [SEP] I used to be really good at being by myself, but I got so used to having someone around that it's weird for me now	I used to be really good at being by myself, but I got so used to having someone around that it's weird for me now	ok don't feel bad be happy and search for your future behalf
2	I've been talk to someone for quite a while and we finally expressed feeling for each other. [SEP] That's wonderful!  Do they feel the same way? [SEP] I think they do, I hope so	I think they do, I hope so	I hope so, too!
1	I was watching a TV show where people were eating cockroachs. I wanted to throw up.	I was watching a TV show where people were eating cockroachs. I wanted to throw up.	That sounds so disgusting!
0	I tripped and fell in front of the cute barista yesterday. I dont feel like showing my face there again. [SEP] Oh no! If it helps they probably don't remember. That stuff filters out faster than you would think! [SEP] I dont know. I usually see the same workers there. Im sure they got a good laugh at my expense.	I dont know. I usually see the same workers there. Im sure they got a good laugh at my expense.	Well, I feel for ya! I'm a very clumsy person myself, trip all the time.
6	There is a drug dealer selling drugs in my building. I am very afraid when I have to get out or in.	There is a drug dealer selling drugs in my building. I am very afraid when I have to get out or in.	That would make me SO angry. What kind of drugs is it? I would make sure the police took him out.
5	A few weeks ago a lady at my job got a promotion i thought i was going to get. [SEP] Oh no! I am so sorry. That is really tough.   [SEP] It was really a tough one to swallow. [SEP] Did you get any feedback on what you could do to improve your chances next time? [SEP] Nope. I think it was just favoritism to be honest. 	Nope. I think it was just favoritism to be honest. 	Ah, that happens.  Again, very sorry. Maybe you can find the silver lining in it. Or, find a new job and get a fresh start somewhere else. 
2	I am so happy. I made an A in all three of my summer classes. I have never done that before.	I am so happy. I made an A in all three of my summer classes. I have never done that before.	hard work pays of
0	All my friends got to go on vacation, but I'm stuck here doing work because I have a tight job deadline [SEP] Thats a bummer! I hope you guys can plan something together once the deadline is over!  [SEP] Maybe, but I'm not sure when another opportunity like this will come. It really gets me down	Maybe, but I'm not sure when another opportunity like this will come. It really gets me down	I know :/ ...just make sure you do something fun when you have a chance! 
4	I tore my jeans while climbing a fence, and my friend gave me her sweater to wrap around my waist	I tore my jeans while climbing a fence, and my friend gave me her sweater to wrap around my waist	That is a good friend, but I'm sorry you tore your pants.  Why were you climbing a fence?
2	i cant wait for this friday! [SEP] Oh, what's happening on Friday? [SEP] gonna go clubbin!	gonna go clubbin!	Hope you have fun!
0	I am getting older and to still see that people can be so untrustworthy and that they will be such betrayers and so hateful over nothing is hard to see	I am getting older and to still see that people can be so untrustworthy and that they will be such betrayers and so hateful over nothing is hard to see	thats the time we live in now.... 
8	I had my first real Italian restaurant experience today. [SEP] That sounds like a lot of fun! I mean I haven't even really gone anywhere higher than Olive Garden myself, so I'm jealous. Did you go with anyone special? [SEP] I took my daughter. It was really good. Olive Garden is good but this place was great.	I took my daughter. It was really good. Olive Garden is good but this place was great.	That's really sweet! I bet that was a nice scene. Was it a special occasion, or did you guys just want to enjoy yourselves just for the heck of it
5	I tried to make small talk at my new job's onboarding and the lady ignored me.	I tried to make small talk at my new job's onboarding and the lady ignored me.	That was rude. Maybe she didn't hear you?
1	I get married in 3.5 weeks!!! [SEP] Whoa congrats. You must be very excited. [SEP] I am!  It can't come fast enough!  I'm hoping for great weather since it'll be outside.	I am!  It can't come fast enough!  I'm hoping for great weather since it'll be outside.	That is so awesome. Im sure it will be a very fun day to share with everyone.
5	When I go to the mall to buy clothes, I always feel so envious of others who are buying expensive items. I wish I could afford those things! [SEP] I understand how you feel. I wonder how those people afford it. [SEP] They must have amazing jobs.  I just hate how it makes me feel to want it so bad.	They must have amazing jobs.  I just hate how it makes me feel to want it so bad.	I'm sure if you work hard you could afford it too.
7	I passed my driving test the other day. I was really shocked because I am not a very confident driver and I thought it went really badly [SEP] do you feel like you are ready to drive in real time? [SEP] Sort of. I'm more nervous when I'm being assessed.	Sort of. I'm more nervous when I'm being assessed.	I'm glad you passed though!
6	When I moved into my house I was living by myself for the first time [SEP] I bet that was scary! Did you like it? [SEP] It felt really strange to be by myself. But I got used to it.	It felt really strange to be by myself. But I got used to it.	Were you ever scared? 
3	I bought a jacket the other day which I wanted for ages only to get it and not like it in person [SEP] OH no! Can you return it? [SEP] Luckily I can but it's just a bit dissapointing	Luckily I can but it's just a bit dissapointing	Yeah , sometimes stuff looks way better on the model.
3	I didn't wear a belt today and my pants fit pretty loose... They pretty much fell down while I was at work today. [SEP] Oh well that would have been embarrassing, but if you were trying to shed a few pounds I would say your doing a great job!  [SEP] haha pro's and con's i guess.	haha pro's and con's i guess.	Go buy you some new snazzy belts! Haha!
6	My car broke down	My car broke down	What happened to it
6	I accidentally stepped in dog poop the other day, ugh. [SEP] So gross! I've been there. Hopefully not new shoes? [SEP] Fortunately not, but I was wearing sandals so I guess it's even worse really	Fortunately not, but I was wearing sandals so I guess it's even worse really	Oh geez!!! Was it in your own yard?
8	I feel so much better when i complete the goals I set for myself. [SEP] I know what you mean. It is always a reason to be proud. [SEP] Do you set goals for yourself? If so, what are your common goals?	Do you set goals for yourself? If so, what are your common goals?	I just set short term goals along the way.
3	Hi, i have made no new friends in my new class [SEP] Oh I'm sorry. Have you tried to talk to people? [SEP] I have but they do not like me. I sit alone at lunch every day because of this.	I have but they do not like me. I sit alone at lunch every day because of this.	You can try again to reach out to people. Otherwise, remember that it is only temporary... soon you will be in a different class with more opportunities to make friends.  
5	I'm not really sure if I am going to be able to find a gift for my wife's birthday. [SEP] Why not? [SEP] I had ordered it about 6 month's ago because it was a custom made gift, but the company called me and told me that it broke in the final step.  I was supposed to get it tomorrow and there is no way that I will get it on time.  I just don't know what to do now.	I had ordered it about 6 month's ago because it was a custom made gift, but the company called me and told me that it broke in the final step.  I was supposed to get it tomorrow and there is no way that I will get it on time.  I just don't know what to do now.	Oh no, that's awful. Maybe you can find something else to give her for her birthday but tell her you have another present that will arrive a little later. 
6	I am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. [SEP] Congradulations. Is this your first time moving in with a boyfriend?  [SEP] It is, but I keep wondering if it's the right choice.	It is, but I keep wondering if it's the right choice.	What are you worried about?
8	first time making a cake. it turned out pretty well.	first time making a cake. it turned out pretty well.	You must be proud. What kind of cake did you make.
0	I still have the hammer my dad gifted me over 10 years ago. [SEP] Do you use it or hold on to it for sentimental reasons? [SEP] Both really. It's useful and reminds me of him.	Both really. It's useful and reminds me of him.	That's really sweet of you. It's amazing how the simplest things can bring back memories of loved ones.
8	The final season of game of thrones is coming soon [SEP] Yes, but I will be sad when it ends. [SEP] I know. Im excited and sad at the same time.	I know. Im excited and sad at the same time.	I can't wait to find out the end of the series.
7	I am looking forward to my new job. [SEP] Congratulations, is in an area that you are interested in? [SEP] Yes, custodial services.  I can't wait to start!	Yes, custodial services.  I can't wait to start!	Awesome, I'm happy for you, good luck!
6	My friend just told me their secret	My friend just told me their secret	Is it a good one?
2	I was very taken aback when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.  [SEP] What exactly do you mean? Did you expect them to be taken away from him? [SEP] He is mentally ill for the past few months..He never seemed to be before and he was VERY close to his dogs and said he needed them..He has been outside all day and NO dogs-	He is mentally ill for the past few months..He never seemed to be before and he was VERY close to his dogs and said he needed them..He has been outside all day and NO dogs-	Oh dear, I hope everything works out.
8	I was really scared about the possibility of losing my cat to a bad illness, but I was lucky that the vet worked hard to find out what was wrong.	I was really scared about the possibility of losing my cat to a bad illness, but I was lucky that the vet worked hard to find out what was wrong.	Oh wow, I'm glad the vet was able to do that. It must have been scary. 
4	My pet iguana Ricado just die. I miss him.	My pet iguana Ricado just die. I miss him.	Aw I am sorry to hear that. I'm sure he was a good pet.
5	Last month I found out my son decided to drop out of college without telling me. [SEP] Oh no that sounds terrible. Hopefully it's not as bad as some of those stories I have read about where they go so far that they fake having the degree. [SEP] Its worse. He decided to use my tuition money to pay for his drug addiction. I am so disappointed in him.	Its worse. He decided to use my tuition money to pay for his drug addiction. I am so disappointed in him.	Oh my gosh that sounds so awful. I'm sorry. Maybe you can try getting him into rehab, I hear it's hard for someone to stop once they start.
0	Last night I went into my kitchen and ate all of my kids cookies.	Last night I went into my kitchen and ate all of my kids cookies.	I do that all of time.
2	Me and my cousin just reconnected [SEP] Interesting. What lead to that? [SEP] Well she moved away to college and didnt come back after graduating.  [SEP] Were you guys close when you were younger? [SEP] Yes. very. we are the closest in age. We see each other when she comes to town but we had a 6 hour conversation on the phone today and it was like the old days	Yes. very. we are the closest in age. We see each other when she comes to town but we had a 6 hour conversation on the phone today and it was like the old days	Man it's so much fun to just have a good conversation with people. 
1	I got cut off in traffic today and I almost hit someone because of it. It made me so angry! [SEP] I bet it did! [SEP] I get pretty bad road rage when my life is threatened. [SEP] That is understandable. I have to catch myself sometimes when my kids are in the car. [SEP] I hear that. It's hard sometimes. [SEP] If people were just more considerate of the other people around them... [SEP] People are just rude nowadays.	People are just rude nowadays.	That is so true.
0	My partner is away at therapy and he sent me a card. I was really shocked as he normally needs a prompt to do anything that involves a gift. [SEP] Sounds like he's getting the hang of it, that's good. [SEP] Yes. I hope so! It's one little step but it's a big one for him to do on his own. [SEP] Maybe I should of did the same for mines, to late now. [SEP] Always work on yourself. Learn and grow for the better.	Always work on yourself. Learn and grow for the better.	Thank you, I'll do that.
4	Hi, my boss my fired me for no reason	Hi, my boss my fired me for no reason	I'm sorry, I think it's an opportunity to start a new job better
1	I am ready for the end of summer party. [SEP] oh yea im the same, gonna be wild. [SEP] Yes, I will be bringing the booze.	Yes, I will be bringing the booze.	oh thats awesome, you are a good person, we need more booze people
0	My armadillo bit me today. Never felt so irked! [SEP] Oh wow. I wonder what that kind of bite feels like. Did it hurt? [SEP] Naw, he's just a little thing. I was just a bit annoyed because I don't want it to be a habit.	Naw, he's just a little thing. I was just a bit annoyed because I don't want it to be a habit.	Right, have to train them not to I suppose, if at all possible.
1	i hate taking test [SEP] Me too, it is to stressing [SEP] very stressful, i time to make sure that i am ready for the test the night before	very stressful, i time to make sure that i am ready for the test the night before	Wow, looks like you are extemely organized, no offense
6	I was mad when my brother canceled plans tonight. I was looking forward to hanging out	I was mad when my brother canceled plans tonight. I was looking forward to hanging out	That sucks, Did you reschedule?
6	I drove past a lonely road where is a hideout for criminals".	I drove past a lonely road where is a hideout for criminals".	Did you feel scared?
0	My dog of 10 years recently passed away. [SEP] I truly do feel bad that you have to endure that. My girlfriend and I were just talking about how horrible she's going to feel when she loses her Havanese pup at some point in the distant future, since she's so close to her. I hope you can grieve the loss of your great friend in a healthy way. [SEP] Thank you very much. Yes, it's always really hard to lose a pet you are so close to. My finacee is urging me to get another puppy to help the feeling pass.	Thank you very much. Yes, it's always really hard to lose a pet you are so close to. My finacee is urging me to get another puppy to help the feeling pass.	I can appreciate why they'd say that. They just want you to feel better. But it's all about to how you're feeling. You'll know in your gut when to get another pet, if you ever want to get another one. It's important to take the time to reflect on your lost relationship.
4	I recently moved to a new city and I don't have any friends here	I recently moved to a new city and I don't have any friends here	I am sorry to hear that.  Have you tried looking up organizations in your new area to meet people with similar interests?
0	I am taking the drivers test on Monday. [SEP] That sounds exciting!  Are you nervous about it? [SEP] I am. I cannot parallel park.	I am. I cannot parallel park.	It's not the easiest thing to do, and so very few states ask for it.  The state I come from requires it.  It's just something you use in so very few situations, I'm surprised they still test for it.
1	Before I got my dog, my life felt empty. He's my best friend now !	Before I got my dog, my life felt empty. He's my best friend now !	That's great! He sounds like a good addition in your life.
4	You'll never guess what happened! I am so embarassed. [SEP] What happened? [SEP] I got a call from my son's school.  The Vice Principal told me he pushed another kid and cursed in the lunch room!	I got a call from my son's school.  The Vice Principal told me he pushed another kid and cursed in the lunch room!	Oh no!  I am sorry to hear that.  Was he suspended?
2	I am an ESL teacher and one of my 3 year old students came to school singing an entire song all about the planets. It was so cute!	I am an ESL teacher and one of my 3 year old students came to school singing an entire song all about the planets. It was so cute!	Awe, I bet you felt so proud and happy for them. 
7	After my kids were in school, I decided it was time to do something for me. [SEP] What did you do for you? [SEP] I went back to college!  It was quite a bit scary, being in class with kids that just graduated.  	I went back to college!  It was quite a bit scary, being in class with kids that just graduated.  	That is such a bold move to make.  Congratulations!
7	I've been working out for 2 months now and I finally started losing some weight so I'm hopeful I'll see lots of results soon.	I've been working out for 2 months now and I finally started losing some weight so I'm hopeful I'll see lots of results soon.	That's great! Congratulations. How much weight have you lost?
5	My current employer is having big financials problem. I am afraid that the company will go into bankruptcy.	My current employer is having big financials problem. I am afraid that the company will go into bankruptcy.	That sounds really frustrating to deal with. You sound like you're self-aware and anticipating the problem, though. Perhaps you've already started preparing to look elsewhere?
3	So the other day I had a crazy long day and got home to find all of my chocolate was gone!  [SEP] Oh my gosh! I would have been so upset! Nothing is better than chocolates on a bad day. [SEP] I know right! ..., but atleast I had some amaretto in the fridge.. lol 	I know right! ..., but atleast I had some amaretto in the fridge.. lol 	That's definitely better than nothing. I hope your days have been better since!
4	I was thinking about my pets and a few loose cats I know of a lot the past few days and how I will always be dedicated to helping animals."	I was thinking about my pets and a few loose cats I know of a lot the past few days and how I will always be dedicated to helping animals."	Awww.. I love cats.. Sorry.. I was yelling at my boyfriend..
7	I was playing a video game with my nephew and it reminded me of my older, carefree days. [SEP] Ah yes, I know what you mean. Nowadays we barely have time to just play games. [SEP] Yeah it feels like the pace is too quick to even stop and enjoy like we used to in those days.	Yeah it feels like the pace is too quick to even stop and enjoy like we used to in those days.	I hate being a grown up, I wish I could go back to the good old days.
2	I am ready for my job search to being. [SEP] Good luckk!! [SEP] I plan to play to five places every day for a month.	I plan to play to five places every day for a month.	Yes dont give upQ! I bet you'll find something good
5	I'm supposed to be on a diet, but today I ate a bunch of Hershey's Kisses. [SEP] Ah, couldn't resist? Just make up and eat well tomorrow! [SEP] Absolutely. I don't know why I even have them in the house. 	Absolutely. I don't know why I even have them in the house. 	Yeah, you should hide them at least!
3	I'm looking forward to next year. My finances will be straightened out by then. [SEP] That's great! Have you been doing ok this year? [SEP] No, it's been real tough, and it still is. I'm trying not to get evicted and not sure if I'll make it or not.	No, it's been real tough, and it still is. I'm trying not to get evicted and not sure if I'll make it or not.	That's really rough. Im sorry. I hope everything goes well for you
4	My lemur pooped on the rug last night. [SEP] You have a lemur as a pet? [SEP] I do! That little rascal poops every 5 minutes on the dot! I was so angry!	I do! That little rascal poops every 5 minutes on the dot! I was so angry!	I am sorry about your situation.
0	My son is so energetic. I miss when he was a little baby. [SEP] Why is he 2 now? [SEP] he is 3. He just loves to climb and jump. He never sits still	he is 3. He just loves to climb and jump. He never sits still	It won't last much longer.  Before you know it he will be grown up and married.
8	My daughter s so thoughtful. She hugs me daily before I leave for work. [SEP] That's very sweet. My daughters do that too. [SEP] It's so sweet of them isn't it? She also brings me tea and coffee sometimes.	It's so sweet of them isn't it? She also brings me tea and coffee sometimes.	Yes, it is. They can be very helpful when they want to be.
5	I'm just thinking about quitting my job. My boss is the worst; every time he asks for my idea, if it works it becomes "his" idea and if it fails it's "your" idea. [SEP] That would be annoying. If there is anybody over him, you might try reporting it first. [SEP] I'll try that first, but it's hard to report someone for just being really terrible in general.	I'll try that first, but it's hard to report someone for just being really terrible in general.	Lol , Maybe you could ask for another department
6	I was married to my wife for thirty years, and even though she has passed I can't bring myself to date anyone else.	I was married to my wife for thirty years, and even though she has passed I can't bring myself to date anyone else.	After being married for that long, I really don't blame you. Do you want to move on and find someone else?
0	I got to see my baby born on Friday. My first son was born and is in healthy shape. [SEP] wow that must have been so hard to do! i am so proud of you worker_2 how do you feel? [SEP] Like a brand new person. I want to do everything I can to show him how to love a good, moral life!	Like a brand new person. I want to do everything I can to show him how to love a good, moral life!	YES! that is exactly what i would say keep doing that and i hope everything goes well
8	I am about to start college at the end of the month. [SEP] That's a big time in someone's life.  Do you feel ready for this new phase? [SEP] I don't. I'm going far away from home and I don't know anyone [SEP] How far away will you be? [SEP] I am from Tennessee and moving to Oregon.  [SEP] Oh man, that is a long way.  Do you have family visits planned so you have something to look forward to and help you get through? [SEP] My mom says she will but I think I'm going to transfer after a year. Its too far. 	My mom says she will but I think I'm going to transfer after a year. Its too far. 	You might fall in love with it and end up sticking it out.  You never know, but leaving family is hard.
4	I wanted to go to a writing conference. It is a huge and allows you to meet so many people. Unfortunately, something else came up and I had to cancel. I felt so bad that I wouldn't be able to go. 	I wanted to go to a writing conference. It is a huge and allows you to meet so many people. Unfortunately, something else came up and I had to cancel. I felt so bad that I wouldn't be able to go. 	I am so sorry that you couldnt go as I can see this was so important to you.  Why did you have to cancel?  Must have been something important come up!
0	Last week was my birthday and I thought that everyone forgot about it. [SEP] Oh what happened? [SEP] No one called or said anything. But when I got home that evening all my friends and family were there with food and presents and cake!	No one called or said anything. But when I got home that evening all my friends and family were there with food and presents and cake!	They definitely surprised you then!
8	My father in law was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer when our daughter was 9 months old.  She was his first granddaughter. [SEP] Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that! I know how hard that can be for the family as well. Is he able to get treatments? [SEP] He had surgery but it was too advanced.  He was sick for 9 months and passed away when our daughter was 18 months old.  She's 18 now so he's been gone for a little over 16 years now.	He had surgery but it was too advanced.  He was sick for 9 months and passed away when our daughter was 18 months old.  She's 18 now so he's been gone for a little over 16 years now.	Well, I can't relate to some extent. My father passed away 2 years unexpectedly. It wasn't from cancer, and we actually never thought he was going to pass away that day when he went to the hospital. But, it's very hard to lose loved ones!
6	I happened to walk up on a snake in my backyard a few days ago.	I happened to walk up on a snake in my backyard a few days ago.	and what happened next?
7	There were times where I was being seduced by a coworker of mine as a married man. [SEP] Wow. Did he have kids? [SEP] I was the one who was being seduced as the married man.  Good thing I remained committed to my wife and did not cheat.	I was the one who was being seduced as the married man.  Good thing I remained committed to my wife and did not cheat.	Ah ok. Good you stayed committed to your wife.
3	I should really stop expecting so much from people in this game. I get a good partner convo going, thinking that every conversation will be the same...then I get some idiot and lose all hope in humanity [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that.  [SEP] Don't be sorry...just bring something fun to the table!	Don't be sorry...just bring something fun to the table!	I will try my best.
0	We had a really good time on our vacation a couple of weeks ago. [SEP] Thats sound nice. I went on vacation to Thailand last week. What did you do? [SEP] We went to Disney world with some friends who had never been before.  We are passholders so we have been several times, but it was fun getting to see it throught the eyes of someone who had never been before.	We went to Disney world with some friends who had never been before.  We are passholders so we have been several times, but it was fun getting to see it throught the eyes of someone who had never been before.	I know what that feels like. It must have been exciting! 
7	"I just found out I am pregnant after years of trying! [SEP] That's really great! I'm so happy for you! [SEP] Thank you! I've had so many disappointments but it's finally happened! I couldn't be happier.	Thank you! I've had so many disappointments but it's finally happened! I couldn't be happier.	Well I think you will make a great parent. Congratulations!
1	My car got rear ended at a parking lot and I have no idea who did it. People are so rude [SEP] Oh no! Did they even leave a note of any kind? [SEP] Nothing. Just found my bumper half hanging 	Nothing. Just found my bumper half hanging 	I'd be livid! Some people just won't let us have nice things, I swear.
3	I purchased a new router and it was DOA when it got to me today :(	I purchased a new router and it was DOA when it got to me today :(	I hate when that happens.  Makes you want to leave things for the mailman.
0	I am nervous about my upcoming job interview, it has been awhile [SEP] I don't blame you. I am always nervous at interviews. Don't worry, I'm sure you will do great! [SEP] Thank you, I sure hope so!	Thank you, I sure hope so!	You will be fine, just don't make yourself too nervous!
7	I have a fire camp next week. [SEP] Nice, are you looking forward to it? [SEP] Yeah, eagerly waiting for the fun and joy.	Yeah, eagerly waiting for the fun and joy.	Its always a good idea to enjoy the outdoors. So have fun!
0	My uncle tragically passed away in a car accident, leaving behind his wife and son. I desperately wanted to help them in their time of need, even if it was simply cleaning the house. They are the sweetest family. [SEP] That is really good and will be helpful.  I lost my wife to cancer years ago and people helping was great. [SEP] That's awful. Life comes with so many challenges. They were the family that helped everyone around them, no matter what they needed. It felt good to be able to give back to them.	That's awful. Life comes with so many challenges. They were the family that helped everyone around them, no matter what they needed. It felt good to be able to give back to them.	I would encourage you to help as much as possible.  I do the same now since I know what loss feels like.
7	I have been practicing for the interview tomorrow that all this week. [SEP] It sounds like a big opportunity for you.  Are you ready for it? [SEP] I am! I am pretty darn hopeful that I am going to crush this interview.	I am! I am pretty darn hopeful that I am going to crush this interview.	Good luck, I'm sure you will do well.
7	One of my friends was telling me to not include my best friend in a movie night. I told her if I couldn't invite her then I wasn't going to go either.	One of my friends was telling me to not include my best friend in a movie night. I told her if I couldn't invite her then I wasn't going to go either.	You are a good friend.
5	Went to the rec center today after work, and it was closed. They didn't announce it or anything [SEP] Thats a bummer. What do you do there? [SEP] I play volleyball with some friends. Gotta get that exercise in after work.	I play volleyball with some friends. Gotta get that exercise in after work.	Oh nice! Good for you. Maybe go for a run?
6	I am so proud of my wife, she was very nervous today but still went to her interview. 	I am so proud of my wife, she was very nervous today but still went to her interview. 	Oh wow! That's great. Did she say how it went?
6	i am a big dragon ball super fan, and im really looking forward for the new movie broly that lands on january , i cant wait !!!	i am a big dragon ball super fan, and im really looking forward for the new movie broly that lands on january , i cant wait !!!	Yeah me too! Are you going to go with anyone?
3	I have a friend who helped me a great deal when my husband and I separated and I could not deal with him. [SEP] Oh I'm sorry to hear that but I'm glad you have a good friend!  [SEP] Thanks, she helped a lot in that situation.	Thanks, she helped a lot in that situation.	Hopefully everything has been uphill since then! 
3	I always make plans to go out with my friends but end up staying home.	I always make plans to go out with my friends but end up staying home.	Its okay to stay at home
1	I love it when it is quiet around the house. [SEP] do you like being home alone much? [SEP] I do, but since I have a family it doesn't happen often.	I do, but since I have a family it doesn't happen often.	yeah i can relate to that, alone time is sometimes very relaxing
1	Someone backed into my trash can and knocked it over. [SEP] It the trash can damaged? [SEP] No by my trash got dumped all over the place.	No by my trash got dumped all over the place.	That is so messed up.
3	Even if I were filthy rich I would have no problem ordering McDonald's at a drive-thru.  I'm a man of simple taste [SEP] mcdonalds is honestly gross to me though, rich or poor. i dont eat it. [SEP] Well good for you buddy	Well good for you buddy	Thatnks, just a matter of preference I guess.
5	People say I sing really well. I used to be in talent shows at school [SEP] That's awesome. Maybe you have natural talent for it and should try to become a singer! [SEP] maybe, I want a steady career though, but singing is definitely super fun for me	maybe, I want a steady career though, but singing is definitely super fun for me	You could always post videos to social media in your spare time and see how well received it is. Many people have made it big starting out that way.
7	My wife and I have been together for 5 years [SEP] Gratz. What's the secret? [SEP] Just staying faithful.  That girl is so loyal I love her so much. 	Just staying faithful.  That girl is so loyal I love her so much. 	Good to hear, glad you guys are happy!
1	I am so mad! I took my car in to the dealership for an oil change and find out I need new brakes! They want to charge me $800 for just the rear brakes!	I am so mad! I took my car in to the dealership for an oil change and find out I need new brakes! They want to charge me $800 for just the rear brakes!	That is insane.  You might want to take it elsewhere.
1	My friend was supposed to be on her trip for months and months but she came home early! I missed her!	My friend was supposed to be on her trip for months and months but she came home early! I missed her!	That must have been a wonderful feeling! It must have been hard not having your friend around for awhile.
6	I recently went to a race at the local track	I recently went to a race at the local track	Sounds like a fun thing to do. What kind of racing did you see?
6	i loved taking care of my sisters pet	i loved taking care of my sisters pet	What kind of animal is it?
6	I recently moved to a new city to start a new job. I've been so busy I haven't been able to make any new friends here and no one I know lives here either. [SEP] Ah, I know that feeling well. My family moved around a ton while I was in grade school, so I don't really have many long term friends. Don't worry though, you'll make friends at your new job so easily, you won't even remember you didn't have friends! [SEP] Thanks for the positive words. I should probably make friends with my coworkers. I mean, I practically live at work.	Thanks for the positive words. I should probably make friends with my coworkers. I mean, I practically live at work.	I mean yeah, it can't hurt, can it? I'm sure they'll be excited to meet you and get to know you as much as vice versa. Plus, who knows? Your new best friend might be in there for all you know!
4	I was devestated when my grandmother passed away, that was a very sad time for me	I was devestated when my grandmother passed away, that was a very sad time for me	sorry hear that.
4	I lost all my savings in Vegas last week because of my gambling problem.	I lost all my savings in Vegas last week because of my gambling problem.	I'm so so sorry to hear that, it can't be easy being in that position. Have you spoken to anyone close to you about it?
1	I played Ice Hockey when i was younger and i wasn't that great at first. [SEP] When did you start getting better [SEP] My first goal ever after 5 years ended up being in my last season of playing. So it took me long but i am was happy in the end.	My first goal ever after 5 years ended up being in my last season of playing. So it took me long but i am was happy in the end.	That's pretty cool
8	I had a hard time choosing which phone to get. I ended up getting a new phone with all the specs. [SEP] Nice!  What did you end up with? [SEP] I ended up getting a google pixel 2. I know it is a little expensive but I wanted to have a good phone that will last a long time. [SEP] I say if you can afford it enjoy it.  What is your favorite feature? [SEP] The fingerprint scanner to unlock is so effortless that it makes unlocking you phone fun. Have you tried one?	The fingerprint scanner to unlock is so effortless that it makes unlocking you phone fun. Have you tried one?	I haven't, but I would love to get one.  I love full feature phones!
4	My darling companion of 5 years died yesterday, I feel so lonely [SEP] Oh no, who was it? [SEP] sylvester my cat  :(	sylvester my cat  :(	Aw no, I have a cat and I really don't like thinking about him dying. Sorry to hear that.
1	I made sure to study really hard for my CPA exam. I took the exam last week and thought I knew all the answers. [SEP] I bet you will do well, sounds attentve [SEP] Well I was right because I found out my score today and I passed. I am so glad I studies so hard!	Well I was right because I found out my score today and I passed. I am so glad I studies so hard!	Way to, it really pays off to study, and a CPA thats impressive
8	My daughter's chihuahua mix was diagnosed with an auto-immune disease when she was just a puppy.	My daughter's chihuahua mix was diagnosed with an auto-immune disease when she was just a puppy.	Oh no, poor little thing.
8	I was so let down. I did not get any presents for my birthday.	I was so let down. I did not get any presents for my birthday.	That is horrible, but I've been there myself.  It's hard to not be upset about it.
1	I am getting a promotion this month!!. Years of hardwork paying off now!!	I am getting a promotion this month!!. Years of hardwork paying off now!!	Congrats! That is great news!
7	Am certain I will make it during my promotional exams". [SEP] It's good that you're confident. What subject do your exams cover? [SEP] More of statistics	More of statistics	Oh, sounds difficult. Good luck.
1	You know, I feel like God is actually being really good to me, even though sometimes I complain or feel as though I don't deserve it. [SEP] Being humble is the way to be [SEP] Yeah, I've been realizing lately the difference between "real humbleness" and "fake humbleness".	Yeah, I've been realizing lately the difference between "real humbleness" and "fake humbleness".	That is very wise thinking
1	I remember spring cleaning with my mom. [SEP] I bet you didn't enjoy it back then [SEP] I didn't she would play the same song all day	I didn't she would play the same song all day	She sounds like she enjoyed it though lol
3	My friend punched me! [SEP] Ouch what a jerk. Why did he do that? [SEP] he was drunk	he was drunk	Oh I hope you punched him back.
4	My sister talked me into going on a roller coaster with her. [SEP] Oh yeah? I'm guessing you're not a big fan of roller coasters? [SEP] Not at all. It was so scary. I hated it!	Not at all. It was so scary. I hated it!	Aww I'm sorry you didn't like it. Roller coasters can be pretty scary, even for people like me who enjoy them.
2	I just took the bar exam this morning. [SEP] Oh wow like for law school? or what you take after law school? [SEP] Yes and I am so excited. I know I did well.	Yes and I am so excited. I know I did well.	That is really awesome! I bet is a a relief that its done now!
5	My wife is so smart and incredible. She just started medical school! [SEP] That is awesome. I am sure she will do great. [SEP] Yeah she is really smart so I know she will do well. 	Yeah she is really smart so I know she will do well. 	And think one day she may be able to save your life haha.
8	I just got cable and decided on only one receiver. [SEP] Oh ok, I hope you are enjoying it. Why only one receiver? [SEP] I thought my kids would watch too much tv. I was right because now they watch the one in the living room	I thought my kids would watch too much tv. I was right because now they watch the one in the living room	Well that was a good choice then! It will save you some money too i'm sure
3	We had a huge black snake in our backyard today and couldn't catch it. Now I am looking all over the place whenever I go outside. Waiting for it to shock me. [SEP] Guess you're just going to have to evacuate or something! [SEP] I want to!  I hate snakes and am terrified to go outside!  We've caught about 5 this year and taken them to a field and by we, I mean my husband because I am never involved. ha ha.	I want to!  I hate snakes and am terrified to go outside!  We've caught about 5 this year and taken them to a field and by we, I mean my husband because I am never involved. ha ha.	Better not go on any planes!
6	The other day I heard some strange noises coming from my attic. It sounded like someone was walking back and forth.	The other day I heard some strange noises coming from my attic. It sounded like someone was walking back and forth.	That sounds scary! What was it?
0	I felt very sad for someone I know who has a mental illness and works so hard sometimes to get better..but then other times they destroy it all.	I felt very sad for someone I know who has a mental illness and works so hard sometimes to get better..but then other times they destroy it all.	Mental illness is very tough to deal with it by themselves.
5	When I think of the future, I am very positive. [SEP] That's good! I think a lot of older people are pessimistic about the future, but I grew up on technology and am excited to see what new stuff comes out. [SEP] Agreed! I'm just excited for what tomorrow may hold. The future is bright!	Agreed! I'm just excited for what tomorrow may hold. The future is bright!	I think we need more people like you in society.
8	I followed the directions to a tee. I think this kimchi will turn out delicious [SEP] Well I hope that it turns out well! [SEP] Thanks. I love kimchi but don't want to spend $20 on small bottles anymore.	Thanks. I love kimchi but don't want to spend $20 on small bottles anymore.	Yeah that makes a lot of sense. Good thinking!
4	I can not believe my friend Joe died. [SEP] Awe, I am sorry for your loss. Was it sudden? [SEP] Yes, he was only 35.	Yes, he was only 35.	I am sorry for the loss. Are you okay?
0	Just finished studying.  The peace helped me concentrate but now no one is around to celebrate with. [SEP] That's too bad. It's nice to have friends to revel in our victories. Why don't you get yourself a beer and relax on the porch? [SEP] That sounds like a wonderful idea, I will do that.	That sounds like a wonderful idea, I will do that.	If you need someone to join in, just let me know!
2	I ran over a skunk yesterday. The smell was horrendous.	I ran over a skunk yesterday. The smell was horrendous.	I bet! You may have to wash your car to get that smell out!
3	i was mad when i returned to my car and noticed someone put a dent in my car [SEP] That would really anger me as well.  What did you do?  Did you find the person who did it? [SEP] no i didnt find them.. sucks that people dont care about other peoples property	no i didnt find them.. sucks that people dont care about other peoples property	Yeah, it blows my mind that people think they can damage other peoples belonging and just go about their day.  
0	I am reluctant to confront my my best friend's girlfriend. I think my best friend is cheating on her...	I am reluctant to confront my my best friend's girlfriend. I think my best friend is cheating on her...	You should definitely first talk to your friend and clear out the concerns with him before talking to his partner
4	I've been feeling so horrible lately and I went to the doctor.	I've been feeling so horrible lately and I went to the doctor.	I'm so sorry to hear that. Any news back yet on what it could be?
8	I feel horrible. I did something bad.  [SEP] What did you do? [SEP]  I put an empty envelope in the collection basket at church. [SEP] Lol. I've done that before. [SEP] Wow so I don't feel as bad now.. TY lol	Wow so I don't feel as bad now.. TY lol	Sometimes we don't have it. God knows.
4	my brother is sick	my brother is sick	Im sorry to hear that, Is he going to the doctor for help?
6	My son gave his first flute recital last week. He did great and got a standing ovation. [SEP] That is wonderful!  That is a difficult instrument to master.  Was he nervous beforehand? [SEP] He had some nerves but he practiced so well it was not that big of a deal. I was beaming the whole time!	He had some nerves but he practiced so well it was not that big of a deal. I was beaming the whole time!	What a wonderful moment!  Does he want to try to take it professional and be in an orchestra or does he not know yet?
5	 I used to be afraid of the dark but now I am not so much, I had a nightlight for a long time	 I used to be afraid of the dark but now I am not so much, I had a nightlight for a long time	I think a lot of us have been afraid of the dark.
5	My girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. She's hearing a lot of "no's." She's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and I'm worried it will be another no. Trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any.	My girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. She's hearing a lot of "no's." She's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and I'm worried it will be another no. Trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any.	That is tough. I would just make sure everything is nice and clean around the house so she can just unwind. Maybe make a nice dinner and do the dishes after.
0	My daughter lied about running the dishwasher today	My daughter lied about running the dishwasher today	Well you know how kids are. Probably just forgot and was embarrassed 
1	i graduated from college last year, and it was a strange feeling. [SEP] Why strange, its one of the happiest moments [SEP] it was kind of bittersweet. i kept looking back on my time there, and it made me feel nostalgic 	it was kind of bittersweet. i kept looking back on my time there, and it made me feel nostalgic 	memories can give you mixed emotions sometimes
8	My mom is always there for me.	My mom is always there for me.	That's great. My mother is like that too, and it's easy take for granted, but not all are so lucky !
1	my little brother is my best friend, we always have eachothers backs	my little brother is my best friend, we always have eachothers backs	That's nice! It's always nice to have a good relationship with your sibling
0	I saw one of my friends play in his rec basketball league and did very well. [SEP] Cool Do they have tournaments? [SEP] Yeah they do have tournaments, but the game that I watched was a regular season game. They ended up winning [SEP] Do you play too? [SEP] Not in a league like that just recreationally with friends. I am not good.	Not in a league like that just recreationally with friends. I am not good.	Me either lol. I wold be a good water boy lol
7	While my job doesn't pay a lot, it's very rewarding. I work as a caregiver and it feels  so good to make someone happy.	While my job doesn't pay a lot, it's very rewarding. I work as a caregiver and it feels  so good to make someone happy.	That must be amazing! I wish I had your job
1	My neighbor was robbed at home last week.  Since then, she has been too scared to stay by herself.  We let her stay with us for a couple of nights. [SEP] That sounds terrifying! I wouldn't want to stay alone either. That was nice you guys took her in. [SEP] She was a nervous wreck and we felt like it was a good idea for her to have some friends around for a while.	She was a nervous wreck and we felt like it was a good idea for her to have some friends around for a while.	I don't blame her. I am sure she felt more at ease staying with you guys.
4	Buddy of mine and I had both paid for front row tickets to a concert...I was so mad at myself when we got there and I forgot it back home [SEP] Oh that sucks! How far do you live from the venue? [SEP] At the time I lived almost an hour away and parking was packed so I knew it was a lost cause...ended up getting some chick's number at the bar later though lol	At the time I lived almost an hour away and parking was packed so I knew it was a lost cause...ended up getting some chick's number at the bar later though lol	Sorry you missed the concert. That is a bummer! But it came with some perks I guess. You met a girl!
6	My brother is in the hospital and is very sick. I am very scared	My brother is in the hospital and is very sick. I am very scared	What's wrong?
1	I'm going on date tonight after work. I think its going to go well.	I'm going on date tonight after work. I think its going to go well.	That is awesome. You sound confident.
4	I am feeling uncomfortable in my body today. [SEP] Oh no. What's going on? [SEP] I am not sure why...but ever since my body changed so much in pregnancy..and I am having to work so hard to get it back to normal..somedays I am just uncomfortable and don't want to wear anything and I don't want to go out	I am not sure why...but ever since my body changed so much in pregnancy..and I am having to work so hard to get it back to normal..somedays I am just uncomfortable and don't want to wear anything and I don't want to go out	I'm sorry to hear that. Are you thinking about changing your diet and exercise routine?
0	I am so mad! I took my car in to the dealership for an oil change and find out I need new brakes! They want to charge me $800 for just the rear brakes! [SEP] That is insane.  You might want to take it elsewhere. [SEP] I would like to, but I have a hard time trusting non-dealership mechanics because I have been burned in the past.  It just drives me insane how much everyone charges!	I would like to, but I have a hard time trusting non-dealership mechanics because I have been burned in the past.  It just drives me insane how much everyone charges!	The prices have risen alot with all the technology and electrical components.
1	i was happay when i got approved for the day off	i was happay when i got approved for the day off	That's wonderful. Always nice to take some time for the self, especially with PTO.
1	It was raining pretty hard the other day, and I normally walk to and from work, but my wife vey kindly decided to pick me up and give me a ride home that day.	It was raining pretty hard the other day, and I normally walk to and from work, but my wife vey kindly decided to pick me up and give me a ride home that day.	She sounds like a keeper
6	Someone knocked on my door the other day. I peaked around the corner so they could not see me.  [SEP] Oh boy, was it someone you didn't want to talk to? [SEP]  I don't know anyone and was alone so I wasn't sure if I should answer the door. Things are getting pretty scary in the world.	 I don't know anyone and was alone so I wasn't sure if I should answer the door. Things are getting pretty scary in the world.	You can never be too careful! I've heard too many things in the news. Who did it end up being?
1	I cheated on my diet today.  [SEP] That's not so bad. Everyone cheats on their diet from time to time. I would just pick up where you left off. [SEP] True, but I haven't cheated on my diet in over a year. 	True, but I haven't cheated on my diet in over a year. 	Well that's all the more reason that you shouldn't worry about it! You deserved to have a day off after that long!
4	The other day after hockey I found out my cat died, pretty miserable.	The other day after hockey I found out my cat died, pretty miserable.	I'm so sorry to hear that. I lost my cat recently too. 
4	During christmas a few years ago, I did not get any presents. [SEP] Wow, that must be terrible, I cannot imagine, I lvoe christmas [SEP] Since that day christmas has not been a good time for me. As I have no family, christmas is always the worst.	Since that day christmas has not been a good time for me. As I have no family, christmas is always the worst.	Wow, I am sorry to hear that, I wish I could make it a better holiday for you!
4	i was driving down the road when this car was speeding towards me, nearly hit me head on	i was driving down the road when this car was speeding towards me, nearly hit me head on	Oh my!  I am glad to hear you managed to avoid the collision.
2	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door [SEP] Oh no, people are so reckless. [SEP] yea, people suck	yea, people suck	I hope it isn't too expensive to have repaired.
4	I was looking forward to hanging out with my friends but looks like I'm stuck at work	I was looking forward to hanging out with my friends but looks like I'm stuck at work	I am sorry to hear that, why are you working extra?
4	I am worried about how I will pay rent on time this month. 	I am worried about how I will pay rent on time this month. 	I'm sorry to hear that, did you lose your job?
3	I forgot to put on Off! spray the other day before I went out and a bunch of bugs bit me up. [SEP] Oh no!  Are you itching all over now?  [SEP] Yes, I try not to scratch a lot and I put rubbing alcohol on the bumps.	Yes, I try not to scratch a lot and I put rubbing alcohol on the bumps.	That's good.  I hope it gets better soon :(
3	I used to pretend to be asleep when my ex came home from work [SEP] wow, You didnt want to be around them that bad? [SEP] I hated hearing about his job. It was boring. I was also a terrible girlfriend lol	I hated hearing about his job. It was boring. I was also a terrible girlfriend lol	LOLOL thats actually hilarious,  I guess thats why its ex now lol
3	You know that feeling when loneliness just hits you in the gut?	You know that feeling when loneliness just hits you in the gut?	Yeah, I do. I'm in a long distance relationship. I get that everytime I have to fly back home. I hope you start to feel better, though. Loneliness can end up being a good motivator, however.
6	After all these years as a single mom, my kid is now a successful researcher. He's pretty happy in life. [SEP] That's got to be a pretty good feeling, to see our kids succeed and hopefully do better than us. I'm happy for you! What does he research? [SEP] He's working on Parkinson actually. He has such a great heart.	He's working on Parkinson actually. He has such a great heart.	Parkinson's disease? That's pretty noble. Imagine if he were to be the one to help cause a breakthrough on curing it... How crazy would that be. Would add a nice legacy to your family.
1	I was thinking about my pets and a few loose cats I know of a lot the past few days and how I will always be dedicated to helping animals." [SEP] Awww.. I love cats.. Sorry.. I was yelling at my boyfriend.. [SEP] LOL! Well that is a funny thing. Yelling at him? What happened! Yes, I will always help them. I am very worried about a little grey and white one especially...He used to beg at my neighbors door..and my neighbor is now gone and I haven't seen him. [SEP] Awww.. I hope you find him.. he is playing video games and being super lazy [SEP] Oh girl...Don't you hate that? I cannot stand a lazy dude..Unless they are working 15 hour days..and even then..I work too- Everyone needs to help. Oi...When did men ever turn into boys as they get older? And not in the cute happy way! lol [SEP] He sucks he doesn't work or do chores at home.. PS4 24/7 [SEP] Kick him out honey..You are not his mother. Partners should never have to be the parent to a grown adult. You are worth more then that and you are here working. Frankly he either needs to be taking care of the house and doing a good job OR WORKING..His job should be looking for work all day then. Oi...I am angry for you!!	Kick him out honey..You are not his mother. Partners should never have to be the parent to a grown adult. You are worth more then that and you are here working. Frankly he either needs to be taking care of the house and doing a good job OR WORKING..His job should be looking for work all day then. Oi...I am angry for you!!	He thinks I am his mother I think he wants to be mothered
1	i walked out of the restroom on a blind date and my zipper was dowdn [SEP] That's embarrassing, but also funny. How did your date react? [SEP] she noticed but brought it to my attention discreetly....we were on a double date..haha	she noticed but brought it to my attention discreetly....we were on a double date..haha	That is awesome that she didn't make a big scene of it!
7	My son was accepted into college the other day!	My son was accepted into college the other day!	Congratulations! thats awesome.  Does he know what hes going for?
8	I've been feeling isolated these days.  Still getting over a breakup and most of my friends are raging alcoholics.  But I look at how much money I'm saving by staying in and I feel a lot better! [SEP] yes and staying away from addicts is always good as well! Pick a different hobby for sure that's healthy is good! [SEP] Yup.  I'm guessing you're a homebody yourself	Yup.  I'm guessing you're a homebody yourself	YES! I used to be very social but I have had enough of that and now I am happy to be at home and at peace :0
7	It was a gorgeous morning today, the sun was shining as I walked my dogs and I'm still on summer holdiays.  [SEP] That's great!  How many dogs do you have? [SEP] Just 2, little guys. They love thir walks! [SEP] Awwww!  That sounds so fun!  And they sound like such happy little guys! [SEP] Is it still summer holidays where you live?	Is it still summer holidays where you live?	Nope - school started for the kids today!
7	I just KNOW I got an amazing grade on my last test... Can't wait to see it.	I just KNOW I got an amazing grade on my last test... Can't wait to see it.	That's such a great feeling! Congratulations on all the hard work you put in paying off!
0	Really not looking forward to having to pay student loans once I graduate. Why does it cost so much to get an education? How do young people survive right out of college when they get slammed with all of this debt? It seems kind of rigged [SEP] I have no idea. As someone with loans myself, it makes me so angry thinking about how much money I've been robbed. I wasn't thinking at 18 years old, I didn't understand the amount. [SEP] Well it's not necessarily that it was dumb to take out loans, it's just the amount you have to take out, how expensive college is, how much interest is paid on them, how you can escape them from bankruptcy, and how you have almost no time at all before you have to start paying them back before you've even gotten on your feet after graduating... Sorry, just stressful	Well it's not necessarily that it was dumb to take out loans, it's just the amount you have to take out, how expensive college is, how much interest is paid on them, how you can escape them from bankruptcy, and how you have almost no time at all before you have to start paying them back before you've even gotten on your feet after graduating... Sorry, just stressful	No, I understand. It's really stressful and someone needs to do something about it.
8	i miss robin williams so much [SEP] I get that, he was a very funny fellow, sad story [SEP] i grew up watchim him	i grew up watchim him	I did not really, so I see how you would be more attached
0	Hello! We just moved to a new area of town. [SEP] Cool! Where did you move too? [SEP] Just across town, not to far.  My 10-yr old had to start a new school. [SEP] Oh, that does not seem like such hard work. It is fun to move into new houses. I like moving around. [SEP] I have moved so many times I can't count them.  We were worried he wouldn't adjust, but I just knew it would all work out.	I have moved so many times I can't count them.  We were worried he wouldn't adjust, but I just knew it would all work out.	Oh good! So glad it is all working out. I will come by and say hi one day. Catch you later!
6	Last week, I saw a ghost outside!	Last week, I saw a ghost outside!	Really?? You probably were been very scared.
3	I had to borrow money from my parents to pay the mortgage. I am having trouble making ends meet.	I had to borrow money from my parents to pay the mortgage. I am having trouble making ends meet.	I am sorry to hear that,  I hope it is only a temporarily situation and you will be on your feet in no time.
0	I had to give a speech to over 300 people in front of my church. [SEP] Wow, that's a lot of people. [SEP] I was so nervous! I get very shy around crowds!	I was so nervous! I get very shy around crowds!	I know the feeling. I get sick around crowds.
7	I got one of the jobs I have been wanting for years.  [SEP] That is great I am so happy for you, what industry are you in? [SEP] I do sales work! Not the best but pays the bills! 	I do sales work! Not the best but pays the bills! 	Thats all that matters, and your happiness 
1	I graduated from college last year, I was so happy.	I graduated from college last year, I was so happy.	That is amazing! I went to college for a few years, never ended up graduating.
2	I am working parent who also goes to school. It can be tough [SEP] I can imagine so! I bet you are one tired person when you hit the bed at night! [SEP] I am. But this is the first semester that all of the kids will be at school in the day time. I am going to kill it this semester	I am. But this is the first semester that all of the kids will be at school in the day time. I am going to kill it this semester	I hope you do! I really wish you the best.
1	I had to hire a plumber last week for a leak in my kitchen sink. Everything was great until I saw the bill. Talk about sticker shock! [SEP] Yeah those guys sure charge a lot. They know they are needed for emergencies, hah! [SEP] That's what I was thinking.  They already did the work, so I had to just deal with it.  The price sure blew my mind though.  He must have used gold pipes!	That's what I was thinking.  They already did the work, so I had to just deal with it.  The price sure blew my mind though.  He must have used gold pipes!	That is a trade that can get very messy. I respect guys that get arm-deep in sewage lol!
3	I don't know if you have experience with small children, but when my daughter was 3 years old, she spoke her mind all the time. [SEP] Did she ever embarass you out in public? [SEP] Numerous times!  The most memorable was when we were checking out at the grocery store.  The cashier was a man that had an earring.  She promptly (and very clearly and loud) told him "Boys don't wear earrings and you need a haircut"	Numerous times!  The most memorable was when we were checking out at the grocery store.  The cashier was a man that had an earring.  She promptly (and very clearly and loud) told him "Boys don't wear earrings and you need a haircut"	Yikes, I hope they did not take that to heart too much...
3	After Hurricane Irma hit my town, I walked through the empty streets and saw windows shattered, trees on the floor, and debris everywhere [SEP] Yeah were i live he had roads closed for weeks trying to fix everything [SEP] The hurricane hit you as well? It was awful.	The hurricane hit you as well? It was awful.	Yeah i hope we dont get another one of those again
4	I was pretty lost when my died dad a few years ago. I felt scared the time	I was pretty lost when my died dad a few years ago. I felt scared the time	oh im sorry to hear that
1	I recently went back to my home state to visit. [SEP] Oh how nice! Did you get to visit with friends and family? [SEP] Yes I did. It made me think of the past. It was bittersweet.	Yes I did. It made me think of the past. It was bittersweet.	I'll bet. It's always nice to visit, but it can be hard to say goodbye.
7	This may sound narcissistic and just plain weird...but I'm actually envious of myself 3 years ago, that guy was shredded with an 8-pack and making $2000 a week. I hate his guts lol	This may sound narcissistic and just plain weird...but I'm actually envious of myself 3 years ago, that guy was shredded with an 8-pack and making $2000 a week. I hate his guts lol	I wish i could make that type of money!
6	My appointment is coming up	My appointment is coming up	Are you nervous?
1	Everytime my cats run out of food I have to repeat to my fiance why they need a specific kind of food that happens to cost more then normal cat food. He just doesn't understand the brevity of the situation and why it would be so much cheaper to just buy the stupid food then to pay for a bunch of vet bills due to them not eating the certain food. [SEP] Cats eat everything, they are not humans [SEP] Sure they do but mine can only eat a specific kind of food or they get bladder stones which are very expensive to treat and if not treated will kill them. So its pretty important	Sure they do but mine can only eat a specific kind of food or they get bladder stones which are very expensive to treat and if not treated will kill them. So its pretty important	The buy yourself the food
7	I have such a great family	I have such a great family	That's good to hear, one of the best advantages you can have in life
6	My 21st birthday was in three day,  I could hardly sit still.	My 21st birthday was in three day,  I could hardly sit still.	Happy Early Birthday! What are your plans?
4	I worked so hard to make it up to her and its wasnt enough for my wife [SEP] Uh oh. I am sorry. What happened? [SEP] I wasnt a good husband, and i was too demanding, I tried to make up p but it just wasnt enough 	I wasnt a good husband, and i was too demanding, I tried to make up p but it just wasnt enough 	I am sorry. At least you tried.
5	I am reay for school to go back. [SEP] Me too! These kids in this house are driving me crazy.  They need to get back on a schedule. [SEP] Yes, I am counting down the days.	Yes, I am counting down the days.	I think mine have two weeks left.
3	I was driving home from work last night and some guy on his phone started coming into my lane.  I honked and he turned and flipped me off!  The nerve on that guy!	I was driving home from work last night and some guy on his phone started coming into my lane.  I honked and he turned and flipped me off!  The nerve on that guy!	I hate rude drivers like that. I swear they should not be able to drive.
7	It was raining pretty hard the other day, and I normally walk to and from work, but my wife vey kindly decided to pick me up and give me a ride home that day. [SEP] She sounds like a keeper [SEP] She is. She works a few hours later than me normailly, so she had to go out of her way to pcik me up. I am a pretty lucky guy. :)	She is. She works a few hours later than me normailly, so she had to go out of her way to pcik me up. I am a pretty lucky guy. :)	Well I wish the best for both of you
3	The other day I saw a man take a dog from the street, I've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days I see this dog on the streets again, poor little thing. I thought it'd have a better life.	The other day I saw a man take a dog from the street, I've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days I see this dog on the streets again, poor little thing. I thought it'd have a better life.	That's sad, I wonder why the dog can't find a home!
1	My nieces pet guinea pig died yesterday	My nieces pet guinea pig died yesterday	Oh no, the poor little thing. Your nieces must be devastated.
5	the braves i think will make a run this year [SEP] Who knows, they always choke. [SEP] they do unfortunately 	they do unfortunately 	Maybe this year will be their year.
6	my sister is always broke but last month she got me an expensive lawnmower	my sister is always broke but last month she got me an expensive lawnmower	oh cool how much was it? 
6	It shocked me the first time my boyfriend told me he loved me. 	It shocked me the first time my boyfriend told me he loved me. 	Awe! Was that recently?
1	My parents came and visited me from out of town. It was so great to see them again, and they brought so much energy back into my small crummy apartment and isolated life. But now they've gone back home and it's back to an empty room and not having anyone to talk to. [SEP] I'm so glad you got to visit with them!  I know how you feel to be far from family and home alone.  Take heart that you are loved by your family and friends even when they aren't around. [SEP] Yeah, that's true. Absence makes the heart grow fonder--that's the truest statement ever spoken. I'm one of the lucky ones who has good parents that I wish I could be around all the time. They're funny, they don't nag, they're supportive and encouraging, and always insightful.	Yeah, that's true. Absence makes the heart grow fonder--that's the truest statement ever spoken. I'm one of the lucky ones who has good parents that I wish I could be around all the time. They're funny, they don't nag, they're supportive and encouraging, and always insightful.	I can see why its even harder on you when they leave.  That's wonderful that they are such a part of your life.  Take care and get out with friends soon to brighten your spirits!
5	I wanted to buy the Nintendo Switch from the store but they were sold out. [SEP] sorry about that, did you try checking on another store? [SEP] They were sold out everywhere. I was so angry about it.	They were sold out everywhere. I was so angry about it.	am sorry, maybe you should wait until they are restocked
8	When I first started working out I dropped a weight on my foot!	When I first started working out I dropped a weight on my foot!	Oh no. That had to be painful
5	I'm jealous of people who own those new Tesla's. They are slick! [SEP] Oh yea, the Teslas look pretty amazing! [SEP] I need to start working on improving my career to afford one of those bad boys.	I need to start working on improving my career to afford one of those bad boys.	Maybe they'll be more affordable and even slicker when you get around to it.
3	I told my best friend one of my deepest darkest secrets	I told my best friend one of my deepest darkest secrets	I sure hope they are trustworthy.
2	i got to see my favorite guitar player live in action today [SEP] That is so cool. You are so lucky to have been able to experience that. [SEP] i am . he never goes on tour	i am . he never goes on tour	I hope you enjoyed every minute of that. It sounds like a once in a life time experience.
3	Our coworker who has been with us for over 20 years just quit out of the blue.	Our coworker who has been with us for over 20 years just quit out of the blue.	Oh no, I hate to heart that. I hope everything is okay.
4	So the new paper boy tried to toss the paper over the fence and ended up breaking my window. [SEP] Haha i am sorry to laugh. Is it an expensive window to fix. [SEP] I suppose its funny now but I was furious in the morning! It might cost me a couple of hundred to get it fixed! 	I suppose its funny now but I was furious in the morning! It might cost me a couple of hundred to get it fixed! 	Damn, I am sorry that happenened.. did you talk to the paper boy?
6	I got a new offer in another company, but i do not want to move	I got a new offer in another company, but i do not want to move	No. Why not?
0	Its amazing how a picture can bring back so many memories and take you back to a moment in time	Its amazing how a picture can bring back so many memories and take you back to a moment in time	I agree....were you just looking through some photos or what
0	Have you ever been so scared at night that your bascially frozen to your bed?	Have you ever been so scared at night that your bascially frozen to your bed?	Yes, it is terrifying!
3	My dog pooped in my shoe today. I was so mad! [SEP] That's awful! Were you able to clean it off? [SEP] Nope! I wasn't able to get my shoe off because it's now glued to my foot. And what a charming thing for her because if I could get it off I would certainly beat her with it!	Nope! I wasn't able to get my shoe off because it's now glued to my foot. And what a charming thing for her because if I could get it off I would certainly beat her with it!	Oh no, I hope you can get the shoe removed from your foot.
3	i got cheated and broken up with last night I can't believe it. I'm so angry. [SEP] I'm so sorry, you must feel terrible. It's their loss in the long run. [SEP] thanks but i am so full of rage. My pride has been hurt	thanks but i am so full of rage. My pride has been hurt	I can imagine you're very angry. You'll find someone better.
1	I was watching a TV show where people were eating cockroachs. I wanted to throw up.	I was watching a TV show where people were eating cockroachs. I wanted to throw up.	That sounds so disgusting!
6	i got the new madden today, i hope i am as good this year as i have been in the past	i got the new madden today, i hope i am as good this year as i have been in the past	How many Maddens have you got?
3	I lost my favorite watch the other day. [SEP] Oh no! Are you thinking about buying another one? [SEP] Unfortunatly, yes. But that one had a lot of meaning to me as it was my father's. It hurts to not have it anymore	Unfortunatly, yes. But that one had a lot of meaning to me as it was my father's. It hurts to not have it anymore	The meaningfulness is definitely something you can never replace. I hope that it shows up, and if not, I hope this watch brings meaning to your life in new ways.
1	My husband is talking so loud on his headset playing video games. Ugh	My husband is talking so loud on his headset playing video games. Ugh	lol.  Put some headphones on yourself and tune him out!
3	I've worked as a programmer for the last 7 years and this year's review was finally all positive! [SEP] That is awesome to hear , i bet the pays good too  [SEP] Hmm ya I make more than my parents which is all I ever really asked out of life though sadly less than I would make in a bigger town.	Hmm ya I make more than my parents which is all I ever really asked out of life though sadly less than I would make in a bigger town.	if your happy there i would stay if not seek the better pay in a different town 
6	My navigation took me to the wrong address today. [SEP] Technology is not perfect [SEP] I was extremely irritated.	I was extremely irritated.	Did it take you into a lake like michael on the office?
8	My new semester starts next week and I think it will be my best one yet. [SEP] Aw yeah! What year are you in college? [SEP] My new semester starts next week and I feel like it is going to be my best one yet.	My new semester starts next week and I feel like it is going to be my best one yet.	Just make sure you focus on getting good grades!
2	I was pretty happy this weekend. I got to go kayaking with friends [SEP] Sounds really fun do you go kayaking often?  [SEP] No it was my first time going actually	No it was my first time going actually	I bet you are going to go more often now. Kayaking is really enjoyable. 
5	A friend of mine is a self-published writer. She put out 22 books this year! I can't believe how many she did.  [SEP] That is wild, I wish i could write and make money. [SEP] I am also a writer. I love it 	I am also a writer. I love it 	Maybe i will look into it.
0	I stole my brothers copy of Purple Rain. [SEP] Is that a prince album? [SEP] Yes, he was the best musician ever.	Yes, he was the best musician ever.	Well give it back :) Stealing is not right
7	I am praying i get called back to this place i interviewed at. I had two interviews and now im playing the waiting game	I am praying i get called back to this place i interviewed at. I had two interviews and now im playing the waiting game	I wish you good luck, what kind of job is it?
2	I am so happy. I made an A in all three of my summer classes. I have never done that before.	I am so happy. I made an A in all three of my summer classes. I have never done that before.	hard work pays of
1	I graduated from college last year, I was so happy.	I graduated from college last year, I was so happy.	That is amazing! I went to college for a few years, never ended up graduating.
4	My dog was my best friend, now he's gone and I feel isolated.	My dog was my best friend, now he's gone and I feel isolated.	Oh no I'm so sorry to hear that. Are you thinking about getting another one?
2	MY oldest daughter is so sweet.	MY oldest daughter is so sweet.	Aw, I bet she makes your life so much more happier. 
0	My dog just threw up. [SEP] Oh no. Did it eat something bad? [SEP] Nothing really it was just stomach acid.  She hasn't eaten since last night.	Nothing really it was just stomach acid.  She hasn't eaten since last night.	I'm sure she is okay. My dog throws up randomly too sometimes.
6	I couldn't sleep last night at all, I kept hearing some weird bumping sounds that made me think someone was walking up and down my stairs but I live alone.	I couldn't sleep last night at all, I kept hearing some weird bumping sounds that made me think someone was walking up and down my stairs but I live alone.	Thats so scary, do you believe in ghosts?
2	Have to go to the doctor tomorrow to see if I have strep throat. I hate when they have to swab the back of your mouth to "make sure" that it's strep so they can treat you. Really hoping to avoid that this time around. [SEP] Sorry to hear that, the trouble of going to the doctor just to "confirm" its strep throat is the worst. It's like I know I have it, just help me! [SEP] Haha, that's exactly how I feel. And then when they have to swab the back of your throat, I always gag and they keep having to do it over and over. It's traumatic almost, and I'm already sick to boot!	Haha, that's exactly how I feel. And then when they have to swab the back of your throat, I always gag and they keep having to do it over and over. It's traumatic almost, and I'm already sick to boot!	Hopefully you can avoid that, the swab to the back of your throat is a gross feeling!
5	I'm in the middle of breaking down some pork shoulder. I have to slow cook for an eternity haha, it's going to be so tasty. [SEP] I love pork shoulder. [SEP] I will mail you some, haha! I'm cooking a lot of it, I will be set for a very long time.	I will mail you some, haha! I'm cooking a lot of it, I will be set for a very long time.	I will take that offer, I could eat pork shoulder every day.
7	There is a big storm approaching.  [SEP] sounds scary [SEP] I am so ready for it!	I am so ready for it!	good luck with that then
2	I haven't heard back from my mom yet. Wonder if she's ok	I haven't heard back from my mom yet. Wonder if she's ok	I hope she is okay also.
5	At a party I found myself to be by myself [SEP] I understand sometimes it uncomfortable to socialize, I get anxiety in social situations [SEP] Yes, but I didn't really fit in with the crowd..I couldn't connect with them on anything.	Yes, but I didn't really fit in with the crowd..I couldn't connect with them on anything.	Sometimes its just a phase or maybe the group of people are not making an effort to make you feel included? I am sorry I know how that feels.
6	I cried when the Leafs lost in the playoffs.	I cried when the Leafs lost in the playoffs.	sad
6	Both of my Daughters have performed well in school so far.	Both of my Daughters have performed well in school so far.	That is great, do they enjoy it?
8	This year I decided to donate school supplies to my daughters school.	This year I decided to donate school supplies to my daughters school.	I can imagine she and the school appreciate that
0	Everytime I try to speak up in class I end up looking stupid. [SEP] I know what you mean, I don't even bother at this point. [SEP] I just try to stay quiet and learn as much as I can.	I just try to stay quiet and learn as much as I can.	Exactly the same for me. Don't let it bother you too much.
2	It's a wonderful Saturday morning and I am so anxious to see what today has to offer! [SEP] I think that's a wonderful attitude to have! [SEP] Thank you, I am starting the day fishing and I am hopeful that the fish are biting.	Thank you, I am starting the day fishing and I am hopeful that the fish are biting.	I hope they are as well. I do love some fishing.
7	I've got a job interview coming up [SEP] That's awesome! I hope you do great. [SEP] Thanks!  I'm pretty sure I've got this!  There's only like 2 or 3 other people that applied.	Thanks!  I'm pretty sure I've got this!  There's only like 2 or 3 other people that applied.	Good luck!!
2	I applied for a job last week [SEP] What kind of job is it? [SEP] engineering, hoping i get it	engineering, hoping i get it	Wow! That takes a lot of schooling, I hope you do too! Is it a good company?
3	I wish I had more friends, I have no one.	I wish I had more friends, I have no one.	best place to find one is online!
3	I felt bad when I saw a stray dog on the road. I almost had to stop	I felt bad when I saw a stray dog on the road. I almost had to stop	Yeah that's sad, I hope it found it's owner somehow.
3	Waiting to hear results on the photo I sent in for the contest. I've seen the other entries, and I think mine has a good chance of winning [SEP] When will you find out? [SEP] 2 weeks from now. I wish it was sooner.	2 weeks from now. I wish it was sooner.	Hopefully you win, what is the prize?
5	I spilled my coffee on my way to work. That cost me $4 and I was really looking forward to it.	I spilled my coffee on my way to work. That cost me $4 and I was really looking forward to it.	That sucks, if it had been in the coffee shop maybe it could have been replaced.
8	There was this one time years ago that we threw a party and I got so drunk, I do not remember anything! You know it is bad when you have people telling you what all you did and you can not remember any of it [SEP] Yeah, when I was younger I did some of that stuff as well. It's a really embarrassing thing to hear stories about things you did that you don't remember doing. [SEP] Tell me about it, nothing like having someone tell you that you strpped down and jumped into the pool while everyone was still there. Glad those days are behind me	Tell me about it, nothing like having someone tell you that you strpped down and jumped into the pool while everyone was still there. Glad those days are behind me	Well if you have never gotten blind drunk and strip naked, you haven't lived.
7	Hi, I have a big business presentation tomorrow! [SEP] Are you fully prepared for it? [SEP] Absolutely. I worked on it all week!	Absolutely. I worked on it all week!	Great, good luck to you!
4	I had an okay job, not a great job but it paid well, working as a commercial truck and trailer repair technician. After a few weeks on the job I fell into a deep depression after getting injured at work. [SEP] oh I am so sorry, I am assuming the injury was serious? [SEP] No, it was minor. I had a previous injury to my arm, not sure what is messed up in it really... Doctor said it was just a sprained wrist but it was obivously more serious, the doctor didn't really care.	No, it was minor. I had a previous injury to my arm, not sure what is messed up in it really... Doctor said it was just a sprained wrist but it was obivously more serious, the doctor didn't really care.	oh man I hope you got a second opinion? I would be so worried about your injury. I am so sorry.
2	I have been studying for my final math exam all week long.	I have been studying for my final math exam all week long.	I hope you do well on it! Do you feel prepared?
1	I really wish they would bring back 8 tracks. [SEP] I'm not sure I've ever used them. I think my earliest music media was cassettes. [SEP] They are really good quality and never break.	They are really good quality and never break.	That's cool. The history of them are as well, Sometimes, it's nice to use something from the past.
5	I'm so afraid about my sister's illness. What will we do? [SEP] That is gross. Did you find out who left it there? [SEP] Left what? [SEP] The old tuna sandwich. [SEP] Oh. No, nobody yet. [SEP] Well hopefully you threw it out. [SEP] but it seems so yummy!	but it seems so yummy!	Maybe it tasted good as well.
2	I'm retiring soon.	I'm retiring soon.	thats awesome , one day i want to make it to retirement im happy to hear people work this long, in my area young people refuse to work all they do is party and live off there familys money
6	I was coming back home from work and there was a snake by the stairs! I HATE snakes!! I called animal control or whatever it's called. 	I was coming back home from work and there was a snake by the stairs! I HATE snakes!! I called animal control or whatever it's called. 	did you get the snake out? if not this is what you do, get a neighbors cat and place it in the area and wait till the snake is hungry. problem solved
5	I was riding the train today, and some guy just had an open wound, practically gushing blood. He didn't seem to really mind and everyone else seemed to just be unphased by it. I guess that's city life for you.	I was riding the train today, and some guy just had an open wound, practically gushing blood. He didn't seem to really mind and everyone else seemed to just be unphased by it. I guess that's city life for you.	I see that more in the country I guess. That would be horrifying. But maybe he is just immune to pain?
3	I cannot wait for the new Pokemon game to come out soon! [SEP] How good. I think you like it a lot [SEP] I really do, it was an important game to me as a kid	I really do, it was an important game to me as a kid	to me likewise I find it a super fun game
1	It's a beautiful day here today. The sun is shining. The birds are singing. The roads are quiet.	It's a beautiful day here today. The sun is shining. The birds are singing. The roads are quiet.	wow sounds great
8	finally no more school for me! [SEP] Hooray, celebrate and have fun until you have to start working and it all begins again. [SEP] Yes I am dreading but am excited about that aspect.	Yes I am dreading but am excited about that aspect.	Be happy dude cause your on to a new chapter in your life. But whatever you do make sure you wake up every day wanting to do it.
3	It's hard not to be envious when I am struggling to get pregnant but all my friends are having babies.	It's hard not to be envious when I am struggling to get pregnant but all my friends are having babies.	Yeah, i hear you.. I can see how that can invoke envy.. you'll get there soon
4	SO I was at the mall the other day and saw my ex [SEP] Oh that must have been awkward.  Did you two talk to each other? [SEP] No we made eye contact. For some reason I started getting emotional and went home to cry.	No we made eye contact. For some reason I started getting emotional and went home to cry.	I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you don't dwell on it too much and can be happy in the future.
2	I keet hearing odd sounds at night... I think there is a racoon in the attic! [SEP] I think it's time to call the animal protection unit [SEP] I will do that... they creep me out!	I will do that... they creep me out!	I believe you will be fine
5	My husband is talking so loud on his headset playing video games. Ugh [SEP] lol.  Put some headphones on yourself and tune him out! [SEP] Good idea! [SEP] Maybe you could play your own video games? [SEP] Haven't really found one I like yet	Haven't really found one I like yet	Oh.  Maybe watch some cool youtube vids?
8	I saved the tickets from my first concert	I saved the tickets from my first concert	its funny what one saves , i saved a mickey mouse that was given to me while i was in the hospital things like 20 years old lol
8	I put in an old Backstreet Boys album the other day and the memories came flying back! 	I put in an old Backstreet Boys album the other day and the memories came flying back! 	I used to love them. I cant believe that are still performing
6	I missed my seat when I went to sit down at a wedding and fell down, infront of everyone	I missed my seat when I went to sit down at a wedding and fell down, infront of everyone	Oh no. Did you laugh or cry?
6	I can't wait to go on vacation!	I can't wait to go on vacation!	I love vacation! Where are you going?
6	I ran into my husband's car in the driveway today but lied about it/	I ran into my husband's car in the driveway today but lied about it/	Oh no, was there any damage?
1	The other day I was babysitting my 2 year old nephew and he tried to do a flip off the couch headfirst onto the floor!	The other day I was babysitting my 2 year old nephew and he tried to do a flip off the couch headfirst onto the floor!	Please tell me you caught him!! That is awful!!
6	 I hate scary movies, they scare me so much, especially jumpscares	 I hate scary movies, they scare me so much, especially jumpscares	Oh yeah, I can't take scary movies of any kind.  I used to watch some of them when I was in my 20's.  What kind of movies do you like?
3	I only have one semester left of college and the classes are going to be very difficult.	I only have one semester left of college and the classes are going to be very difficult.	I am sure you will get used to them
5	My coworker told my boss that I came in to work 15 minutes late this morning. I couldn't believe he did that to me! [SEP] I am sorry, that sounds bad [SEP] Yeah, I could't understand why he would throw me under the bus like that.  	Yeah, I could't understand why he would throw me under the bus like that.  	Maybe it wont happen again
5	My friends all went back to college and now I have no one to hang out with. [SEP] Oh that's a bummer! Do you go to college locally? [SEP] I don't, I'm working right now because I'm not sure what I want to major in.	I don't, I'm working right now because I'm not sure what I want to major in.	Oh great! I am not a big fan of college anyway. Maybe you will find a new love while they are away :)
4	 i was upset to see my dog gone when i returned home	 i was upset to see my dog gone when i returned home	I am sorry to hear that.  Have you tried looking for him.
4	i cant even park where i want the neighbors keep stealing my parking spaces [SEP] that's not nice of them. is that parking lot assigned to you? [SEP] its not technically but they know me i have lived here for years	its not technically but they know me i have lived here for years	they should be nicer! i'm sorry they are so inconsiderate
8	I need to buy some clothes for winter. I need a new jacket and boots. [SEP] 5 [SEP] Winter come so quickly. So I need to be well prepared in advance.	Winter come so quickly. So I need to be well prepared in advance.	We have cold winters but hardly ever any snow. I'm glad too
8	My website that I designed is turning out great. I'm pretty content with my design. [SEP] That's great! I love to design websites [SEP] I just started learning last month and I love it as well. 	I just started learning last month and I love it as well. 	That's neat! I learned in college so I've had time to delve into it quite a bit and it is very fun. You choose great!
2	i feel stressed out because of work [SEP] Oh I'm sorry. Try to relax if you can.  [SEP] i am i een started doing yoga to relax. but nothing helps!	i am i een started doing yoga to relax. but nothing helps!	Try meditation. It worked well for me!
6	Had my daughter over a couple weekends ago. She had brought a scrapbook she put together herself of us.	Had my daughter over a couple weekends ago. She had brought a scrapbook she put together herself of us.	very cool! how old is she?
0	I recently found out my wife is pregnant. [SEP] Congratulations. We have a boy on the way. 3 months to go! [SEP] I was so shocked by the news.  Thank you!	I was so shocked by the news.  Thank you!	I remember my surprise too. She tricked me all day and said she wasn't pregnant.
6	I stole candy from the store today. [SEP] Why did you steal candy from the store? [SEP] I was quite hungry. But now that my stomach is filled, I kinda feel bad about it.	I was quite hungry. But now that my stomach is filled, I kinda feel bad about it.	Did you not have any money to pay for it?
5	Expecting the worst and hoping for the best has always worked out in my favor.  	Expecting the worst and hoping for the best has always worked out in my favor.  	I think that way too!
1	My boss called me a liar in front of the whole office last week. [SEP] That was rude of them. Why? [SEP] He thought I took money from the petty cash drawer, but they found out who really did it yesterday, and still no apology. 	He thought I took money from the petty cash drawer, but they found out who really did it yesterday, and still no apology. 	Wow, I would go over and talk to that boss and demand an apology
3	The sun is shining and I have no real plans [SEP] Where are you that the sun is up already? [SEP] Scotland [SEP] I was there many, many years ago.  I'm in Florida now. [SEP] Nice - well it's nearly lunchtime here. I bet you the weather will be better in Florida later on. [SEP] Rain or high humidity.  Don't like the humidity.  How is it there? [SEP] It's been quite humid recently - we don't normally get to hot here though	It's been quite humid recently - we don't normally get to hot here though	I really liked Scotland, the castles and the history.
0	I love my wife and kids. I sacrifice so much time for them all and it feels great!	I love my wife and kids. I sacrifice so much time for them all and it feels great!	Same, don't know what i would do without them.
5	I kept thinking I had left the front door unlocked whilst I was on vacation! [SEP] That is a terrible feeling. I saw a movie where a family actually left their kid at home. That would be the worst. [SEP] Sounds like Home Alone! Yes I was so anxious the entire time that I could not even enjoy myself.	Sounds like Home Alone! Yes I was so anxious the entire time that I could not even enjoy myself.	Well I hope everything turned out ok. Maybe you can send a friend to check your door.
1	My coworker stole my presentation idea and claimed it was his, I can't believe it. [SEP] WHAT? did, you have any idea beforehand,  or he just showed up with your idea. [SEP] He showed up with my idea so not only was I so mad but embarrassed to because it looked like I stole from him!	He showed up with my idea so not only was I so mad but embarrassed to because it looked like I stole from him!	OH no! I didnt even think about that.  That must have been terrible.
5	I worked on this project for so long, but it turns out my job doesn't even want it done anymore. [SEP] Thats sucks [SEP] it does. I feel like it was a waste of my time, but at least I got paid for the hours.	it does. I feel like it was a waste of my time, but at least I got paid for the hours.	Well. Maybe youll get a promotion.
7	I've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. They finally decided to say something about it today. The worst part is I wasn't even close with the name I had been calling them. They're so nice and I felt so bad [SEP] Haha I"m terrible with names too.  But for me there are only 2 types of people: ones that are memorable and ones that are boring and if you're boring I definitely won't remember who the hell you are [SEP] That's a funny way to put it. Yeah the problem was I just got introduced to so many people at once, and it was my first day, so I was nervous and wasn't really paying attention. Eventually learned them all again over time, but I guess that one got lost in translation somehow. They were cool about it though	That's a funny way to put it. Yeah the problem was I just got introduced to so many people at once, and it was my first day, so I was nervous and wasn't really paying attention. Eventually learned them all again over time, but I guess that one got lost in translation somehow. They were cool about it though	That's good.  Don't be so hard on yourself.  People should be begging for your attention. Not the other way around ;)
3	I just finished moving and got charged double what I was quoted by the moving company!	I just finished moving and got charged double what I was quoted by the moving company!	That is not cool. I sure hope they fix their mess up quick!
4	i got cut off today	i got cut off today	oh no im sorry to hear that
4	I used to get bad scary dreams that kept me awake. [SEP] I know how that feels. It is horrible! [SEP] It is the worst, I'm so glad it went away.	It is the worst, I'm so glad it went away.	That is good to hear that it doesn't happen anymore.
0	I was eating some food at a restaurant when I found a hair in it. I didn't NOT want to eat any more!	I was eating some food at a restaurant when I found a hair in it. I didn't NOT want to eat any more!	I know how you feel that would gross me out too.  Makes me feel like whoever prepared my food was not very clean.
8	I thought the new Star Wars movies were so great. The are cinematic perfection. [SEP] I've been enjoying them too, but not quite as much as the originals. It's not my generation anymore. [SEP] I just think George Lucas has really outdone himself this time. 	I just think George Lucas has really outdone himself this time. 	But, he's got little to do with it at this point.
3	My friend died in a car accident recently.	My friend died in a car accident recently.	Oh no!!  That is awful.  I hope you are okay :(
7	English premier league started this weekend. Am so eager for the new season [SEP] I know right! Go Tottenham! [SEP] Ah a spurs fan!! Go Red devils go !!. Any way good luck for your team	Ah a spurs fan!! Go Red devils go !!. Any way good luck for your team	This is will be a great season!
1	This week end, I am moving in my house that I bought. I am so happy. [SEP] congratulations! that is an awesome achievnment  [SEP] The neighbors are very friendly and it is not far from my work.	The neighbors are very friendly and it is not far from my work.	that is always a perfect combo!
4	I hate when a restaurant claims to never have received your online order. And they do not offer to fix the situation! [SEP] sorry to hear that. Sometimes there can be a technical  problem [SEP] Yeah, it can be frustrating when the workers there just shrug their shoulders and offer nothing in return.	Yeah, it can be frustrating when the workers there just shrug their shoulders and offer nothing in return.	sorry about that, seems their customer service is not welcoming
3	I am so relieved to be working from home full time now [SEP] are you making good money though ? [SEP] It is better paying than anywhere in town for this position	It is better paying than anywhere in town for this position	well in that case way to go
2	Im feeling a little bad about what I did maybe I shouldnt maybe I should idk. 	Im feeling a little bad about what I did maybe I shouldnt maybe I should idk. 	I'll be the judge of that
7	I'm supposed to hear in the next day or two whether I've gotten my dream job! I can't wait to find out! [SEP] That is great. I hope you get it. What is the job title? [SEP] It's a position in Human Resources! I've been trying to get a job with this company for years!	It's a position in Human Resources! I've been trying to get a job with this company for years!	Good luck
8	yesterday i ran into an old friend and i was so surprised he changed a lot. [SEP] That must have been so nice for both of you. Had he changed for the better? [SEP] yes , he just isn't the same anymore, it felt like i'm talking to a completely different person.	yes , he just isn't the same anymore, it felt like i'm talking to a completely different person.	People do change a lot when they grow up. I met an old school friend the other day, and they were awful now! 
8	red dead redemption 2 is coming out which looks awesome [SEP] I can't wait either, I am looking forward to it as well.  Do you know when the release date is? [SEP] i think sometime in october, gonna be hype	i think sometime in october, gonna be hype	CoD 4 comes out in about two weeks I think.
8	There si always a fight when my family gets together [SEP] Is it more of verbal arguing or flat out physical fights? [SEP] Both. We aren't going to have thanksgiving together this year. They cancelled it last thanksgiving. ITs terrible [SEP] Wow. What do they usually argue about?  [SEP] The stupidest thing	The stupidest thing	my family gets into politics a lot, but fortunately it rarely turns hostile.
5	I live in a big city but I leave my car unlock. I'm really not that concerned about it getting stolen.  [SEP] I live in a small town with no car. [SEP] That's the way I was too and I really haven't changed since I moved and got a car. 	That's the way I was too and I really haven't changed since I moved and got a car. 	I want to get a car one day i think.
5	My little boy just turned 5 and he's about to start kindergarten :( [SEP] Look on the bright side, you'll have some extra free time [SEP] Yes that is definitely a plus!	Yes that is definitely a plus!	I think you'll end up fine.  Its an important milestone.
2	I ran into my husband's car in the driveway today but lied about it/ [SEP] Oh no, was there any damage? [SEP] There was but I blamed a random kid riding his bike on it. I feel terrible for doing it,	There was but I blamed a random kid riding his bike on it. I feel terrible for doing it,	I feel ya. It's important to have honesty in the relationship.
2	Yesterday I got a raise! I'm glad my work was noticed	Yesterday I got a raise! I'm glad my work was noticed	Congrats.I bet you worked hard for tha raised.
7	Feeling positive about this week.  [SEP] I'm glad!  Anything good happening? [SEP] Well sure! I am alive, I have some of my health. A new baby puppy, money etc etc! Good food. Lots of positives :) Also Hoping my partner grows by leaps and bounds after a month in therapy.	Well sure! I am alive, I have some of my health. A new baby puppy, money etc etc! Good food. Lots of positives :) Also Hoping my partner grows by leaps and bounds after a month in therapy.	Lots of positives!  I'm sending good vibes your way!
2	My grandmother was diagnosed with stage four cancer. I feel helpless. [SEP] Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. That is awful and makes me sad. Have you talked to anyone about it? [SEP] I have spoken to our minister about the situation. It's hard to watch her go through this and there isn't much I can do. I can just love and take care of her. [SEP] That's what you need to focus on is just giving her all of your love, she will cherish it. I'm so sorry you're going through this, I hope that you can find peace with the situation. [SEP] Thank you for the kind words. It gives me hope for the future. 	Thank you for the kind words. It gives me hope for the future. 	I am glad, I hope you have a great day today!
5	When I go to the mall to buy clothes, I always feel so envious of others who are buying expensive items. I wish I could afford those things! [SEP] I understand how you feel. I wonder how those people afford it. [SEP] They must have amazing jobs.  I just hate how it makes me feel to want it so bad.	They must have amazing jobs.  I just hate how it makes me feel to want it so bad.	I'm sure if you work hard you could afford it too.
7	After my kids were in school, I decided it was time to do something for me. [SEP] What did you do for you? [SEP] I went back to college!  It was quite a bit scary, being in class with kids that just graduated.  	I went back to college!  It was quite a bit scary, being in class with kids that just graduated.  	That is such a bold move to make.  Congratulations!
8	I am hoping I will get promoted at my job soon enough, that would be great [SEP] I am sure you deserve it for all the hard work you do. I will send in my recommendation. [SEP] Haha, thank you, I appreciate it	Haha, thank you, I appreciate it	Sure, I wish there were more employees like you with such a strong work ethic.
8	I am always amazed when I see people who poses raw talent	I am always amazed when I see people who poses raw talent	Can you give an example as to someone who amazed you recently
2	My brother has been really sick. I'm taking him to his doctor's appointment tomorrow and hopefully after that I can find something to cheer him up. [SEP] How old is he? I really hope its nothing serious :/  [SEP] 18, so he's too young and I'm hoping the same. But if it is, I will be there for him.	18, so he's too young and I'm hoping the same. But if it is, I will be there for him.	wow that really is TOO young! Lets hope its nothing serious. He will get thru it regardless. 
4	I stubbed my toe last night [SEP] Ouch! Are you okay? [SEP] yea just a tad mad about it	yea just a tad mad about it	I'm so sorry!
8	I started learning free climbing without ropes from a professional! I hope he really knows what he is doing! [SEP] Wow, what a thrilling sport. Yeah, I sure hope he knows what he's doing. You life depends on it! [SEP] I just rely on the fact that he will not take any chances and will look out for me if I am in trouble.	I just rely on the fact that he will not take any chances and will look out for me if I am in trouble.	You are certainly brave my friend. I don't have the guts to ever do that! Be safe!
3	I can't believe my sister stole money from me recently. [SEP] Oh really? That sucks, if they just asked people would usually be ok with it too. [SEP] I know right? She really can be a pain sometimes.	I know right? She really can be a pain sometimes.	Hopefully it isnt for anything horrid like drugs.
8	I know I will win a WSOP bracelet next summer. [SEP] That's great! But, what is it? [SEP] It is a poker tournament series.	It is a poker tournament series.	Oh, okay! Well, I love some Blackjack. I like Poker, but better at Blackjack. But, not on your level by any means! Good for you!
3	I had an interview for a hospital I want to volunteer at but I felt a little under-qualified  [SEP] That is not good what happened? [SEP]  I haven't heard back from them yet! Hopefully they email me soon because I would love to volunteer at a hospital.	 I haven't heard back from them yet! Hopefully they email me soon because I would love to volunteer at a hospital.	Well I hope you here back from them and they will give good news.
1	I just saved a bunch of people on the beach this week.	I just saved a bunch of people on the beach this week.	Nice! I am glad to hear that you got to use your Baywatch-esque skills!
7	So, my mom thinks she's sooo funny every christmas because she always wraps up one of the gifts in a poptart box (or something similar). The big surprise this year was I opened my present up and it really was just poptarts this time. [SEP] Lol! That is hilarious. I hope you got it on video [SEP] She's always recording every christmas. You know what the kicker was though, was that it was the poptarts with no frosting/icing on top.	She's always recording every christmas. You know what the kicker was though, was that it was the poptarts with no frosting/icing on top.	omg. I love your mom lol
7	I took the bar exam last month. [SEP] How did it go? [SEP] I am sure I did well on it.	I am sure I did well on it.	Well congratulations!
3	Growing up  ,I had prospects,would I be rich ,or would I be poor ,lingered on my mind..Lol!	Growing up  ,I had prospects,would I be rich ,or would I be poor ,lingered on my mind..Lol!	Work hard at it,poverty is no joke. Not an option!
0	My folks got me a brand new car today. I was so stoked and shocked that they would do such a thing! [SEP] That is amazing!  I'm so happy for you!  What kind of car did they get you? [SEP] They got me a Ford Focus! It ain't much, but I desperately needed one to get around town.	They got me a Ford Focus! It ain't much, but I desperately needed one to get around town.	Hey, a new car is a new car!  I'm dying from heat in my car since the A/C broke.  Have fun driving!
4	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I am still not over it	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I am still not over it	I am so very sorry for your loss.  I lost my mom last year.
1	I just arrived in a new country after traveling for two months. There arent many people in the new place I am staying. I am starting miss my friends and home. [SEP] What country? If you don't mind sharing...I'm in South Texas and loving it :) [SEP] I just got to Vietnam. When I was in Thailand I met so many people. Now I just cant stop thinking of home. 	I just got to Vietnam. When I was in Thailand I met so many people. Now I just cant stop thinking of home. 	I'm sure you'll meet some cool people if you find a good Pho restaurant!
6	I've only been with my boyfriend for 2 years, but I can't think about anyone else but him. 	I've only been with my boyfriend for 2 years, but I can't think about anyone else but him. 	Aw, that's so sweet!  Do you see a future together?
4	i have an appointment with the doctor on thursday and it has me so worried [SEP] Oh no! Have you already had some tests or is this the first time? [SEP] this is the first in a line of tests that i have to do. i'm dying on the inside a little bit	this is the first in a line of tests that i have to do. i'm dying on the inside a little bit	I'm so sorry to hear. What is the problem?
7	I am very hopeful that I will be able to win the lottery this week, I really could use the extra cash	I am very hopeful that I will be able to win the lottery this week, I really could use the extra cash	Good luck! What will you use the money for if you win?
7	My kids have been begging me to let them stay home alone without a babysitter while I work. They are old enough now I guess. [SEP] Do you trust them to be home alone?  I bet you're scared, huh? [SEP] I am nervous, but I am going to give it a try. I am pretty confident in their abilities for handling emergencies.	I am nervous, but I am going to give it a try. I am pretty confident in their abilities for handling emergencies.	That's good.  You're a good parent!  Good luck with everything!
8	When we were trying to buy our first home, our financing fell through.	When we were trying to buy our first home, our financing fell through.	Oh no!  That had to be frustrating. I hope it wasn't too close to closing.
6	My wife is truly been trustworthy, she never keep secret from me".	My wife is truly been trustworthy, she never keep secret from me".	Have you ever kept secrets from her?
0	MY kids are gonna take care of me when I get older. I just know it [SEP] That is a great thought! What makes you so sure? [SEP] I'm just wishing they would. I do a lot for them and I hope they appreciate it lol	I'm just wishing they would. I do a lot for them and I hope they appreciate it lol	I completely know the feeling. My kids are teenagers and I threaten them every day that I will move in with them when I am old and grey lol.
7	My family and friends threw a party for me out of the blue. Did not expect it at all and I felt so appreciated! It was an awesome night yesterday! [SEP] That sounds great!  You must have felt amazing!  Was it your birthday? [SEP] No but I got a promotion at my job recently and I did post about it on social media. The promotion and the party was definitely a surprise.	No but I got a promotion at my job recently and I did post about it on social media. The promotion and the party was definitely a surprise.	Congratulations!  What a wonderful surprise!
1	On mother's day my kids and I had a nice relaxing morning just cuddling in bed. My spouse made breakfast in bed and we all just hung out together. It made me feel so peaceful and happy. [SEP] That is great to hear. I can tell your family loves you a lot! [SEP] Oh thank you that's a nice thing to say! 	Oh thank you that's a nice thing to say! 	It is nice we have days to celebrate mothers and fathers. They deserve the recognition for their hard work!
3	I am so mad.  My dog won't stop barking. [SEP] I am sorry, he will stop eventually [SEP] I mean its making me insane.  He barks at every little noise.	I mean its making me insane.  He barks at every little noise.	He will get better
7	I miss the 90s. I wish I could go back. [SEP] I know what you mean. Me too! What was your favorite part about the 90s? [SEP] Clinton.	Clinton.	Good point!
5	My friend is getting a new truck tomorrow. I wanted it so bad	My friend is getting a new truck tomorrow. I wanted it so bad	Aww dangit!  Maybe he'll let you drive it
2	i feel stressed out because of work [SEP] Oh I'm sorry. Try to relax if you can.  [SEP] i am i een started doing yoga to relax. but nothing helps!	i am i een started doing yoga to relax. but nothing helps!	Try meditation. It worked well for me!
2	I am hoping to get a new job next week [SEP] You must have felt hopeful, where did you apply? [SEP] Last week	Last week	I see, I think you will get the job
2	Ugh I can't believe what happened, he doesn't deserve this. [SEP] What happened? [SEP] My buddy got a new smoking hot girlfriend and now I'm lonely	My buddy got a new smoking hot girlfriend and now I'm lonely	I bet you are super jealous!
7	I was watching Back to the Future yesterday with my family. Man, it brought back some good memories of growing up in the 80's.	I was watching Back to the Future yesterday with my family. Man, it brought back some good memories of growing up in the 80's.	yeah that good 
1	my dog I have rasied since she was apup got ran over last week , I had her for thirteen years and I don't no how I can go on with out her Its like everything will never be the same.	my dog I have rasied since she was apup got ran over last week , I had her for thirteen years and I don't no how I can go on with out her Its like everything will never be the same.	Oh no, you must be devastated. Wish I could give you a hug.
0	I exercise often but as a powerlifter I do very little cardio and never really had much interest in it. A friend of mine introduced me to marathon running and wow, I like it much more than I anticipated!	I exercise often but as a powerlifter I do very little cardio and never really had much interest in it. A friend of mine introduced me to marathon running and wow, I like it much more than I anticipated!	I'm glad you've found a change of pace.
1	I had some girls in middle school that were very very mean to me - the epitome of mean girls. [SEP] That isn't cool. Are you ok? [SEP] Yeah, but they really made an impression I guess.  They pretended to be a boy that liked me and sent me notes and even a stuffed animal on Valentines.  Then told me it was them - can you imagine!?	Yeah, but they really made an impression I guess.  They pretended to be a boy that liked me and sent me notes and even a stuffed animal on Valentines.  Then told me it was them - can you imagine!?	That is mean. Girls can be mean sometimes.
7	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining.it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store ". [SEP] When you feel rain ... sometimes you feel its magic ... ask the children [SEP] i agree . but i think that will only work if i willingly go under the rain.  [SEP] you're right ... then the umbrella always at hand [SEP] it was just unfortunate that i did not check the weather before going out	it was just unfortunate that i did not check the weather before going out	of everything, there is always something to learn
7	I was able to get an interview for a great job, by the time I was going into it I felt that I knew everything they would require and I was not worried at all. [SEP] Nice! You sound like you prepared very well [SEP] I did, I prepared in every way possible. It was all worth it in the end because I was able to show them just how valuable I was.	I did, I prepared in every way possible. It was all worth it in the end because I was able to show them just how valuable I was.	I love that feeling. Being prepared for whatever comes your way, good luck!
6	After my kids were in school, I decided it was time to do something for me.	After my kids were in school, I decided it was time to do something for me.	What did you do for you?
6	My son wiped himself for the first time today!	My son wiped himself for the first time today!	Wow, that's great! How old is he?
1	A friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on Google stock and is a multi-millionaire. [SEP] Oh that would kill to see. Maybe he will hook you up. [SEP] I don't think so we haven't really stayed in touch.  I didn't even know he knew anything about stocks.	I don't think so we haven't really stayed in touch.  I didn't even know he knew anything about stocks.	I would be very jealous. Dont let it get to you too much. At least it doesnt seem like you see him all that often.
1	I was 26 when I had my first child - that was a very scary experience.  I'm actually surprised we went on and had another one!	I was 26 when I had my first child - that was a very scary experience.  I'm actually surprised we went on and had another one!	That is scary! As a 26 year old I cannot imagine actually having kids at this age. I'd be running around like a chicken
4	had to leave my long distance girlfriend to go back home, after I had spent a month of time with her	had to leave my long distance girlfriend to go back home, after I had spent a month of time with her	im sorry.. distance sucks. luckily you guys have skype! 
3	I was pretty mad last week. My ac broke and it was so hot [SEP] Oh that's terrible. It's been so hot lately. I bet you struggled. [SEP] It was bad all week	It was bad all week	Well I hope you can get it fixed soon! Still more hot days to come yet.
4	Yesterday, when I was cleaning the cupboards, I dropped an antique tea cup and it shattered.	Yesterday, when I was cleaning the cupboards, I dropped an antique tea cup and it shattered.	Oh no. Was it something that was in the family or was it something that you purchased. Either way I'm sorry to hear that. 
0	I want to get a new job. [SEP] What kind of job do you want? [SEP] a high payign one!	a high payign one!	You and me both! Nothing wrong with making some more bread!
2	I was nervous going to my job interview. I had no idea what to expect	I was nervous going to my job interview. I had no idea what to expect	I hope you get it! What type of job did you apply for
1	I ate at my favorite restaurant earlier and everything was tasted better than ever!	I ate at my favorite restaurant earlier and everything was tasted better than ever!	Oh wow! That usually doesn't happy, usually that feeling fades with time. 
4	My son stole a car from an elderly man today. [SEP] Wow, that's awful. Why did he do that? [SEP] I'm not sure...he's been acting up the past few years. I wish I knew why. I've never been so disappointed in him.	I'm not sure...he's been acting up the past few years. I wish I knew why. I've never been so disappointed in him.	I'm sorry to hear that. I hope he can get the help he needs.
5	i did not feel good at all of what had happened 	i did not feel good at all of what had happened 	Well, maybe your friend will understand.
4	So i found out my dad was cheating on my mom for 3 years.	So i found out my dad was cheating on my mom for 3 years.	Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. Does your mom know?
2	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door [SEP] Oh no, people are so reckless. [SEP] yea, people suck	yea, people suck	I hope it isn't too expensive to have repaired.
5	I have my annual physical exam coming up. I have not been eating well and am worried the doctor will scold me.	I have my annual physical exam coming up. I have not been eating well and am worried the doctor will scold me.	you should take the docs advise and get your health under control though, its important!
7	My 6th birthday party was unexpected.  My mom had picked me up from school and said I needed to finish homework before I could open my present.  So I went to my room but when I turned on the lights all my friends from school were there hiding and shouted "SURPRISE".  We ditched homework and played games the rest of the night. [SEP] That sounds like a really fun and joyful surprise.  Young birthdays are amazing. [SEP] Definitely.  Aside from my 21st my birthdays have been a lot more low key since then lol	Definitely.  Aside from my 21st my birthdays have been a lot more low key since then lol	Yeah, after 21 they really are pointless.  Most of my birthdays, I enjoy a good dose of work all day, lol.
7	I am trying out a new Fodmaps diet because of all my health issues and I am excited about it! [SEP] That's great! I hope it goes well for you! [SEP] Me too! I have tried everything else.	Me too! I have tried everything else.	Good luck!
0	I can't wait. im going to Europe here soon! [SEP] Oh how exciting! Where are you going? [SEP] All over, my uncle said it's a suprise. [SEP] You are going to have such a great time and make memories you will cherish the rest of your life [SEP] Aw thank you! Yea i am not really fniancially stable so this is a big thing for me. [SEP] You enjoy it a lot of people never travel so be thankful for the experience and soak up everything like a sponge [SEP] I think i got that perspective down!	I think i got that perspective down!	I would agree that you do, enjoy your trip!
2	Taking the kids to six flags this weekend and I'm scared :\ [SEP] What are you scared of? [SEP] Riding the coasters!  Never have before!	Riding the coasters!  Never have before!	I bet you are scared! It will be fun though!
0	I had to borrow money from family, I hate having to rely on them but debt was just piling up	I had to borrow money from family, I hate having to rely on them but debt was just piling up	I understand. I have had to do that before. My family was very giving.
3	I am sure that I will be able to get a raise from my job.	I am sure that I will be able to get a raise from my job.	Wow! I hope so. Are you going to ask them today?
1	MY kids are on their best behavior when they are asleep [SEP] I wish i had kids. [SEP] They are terrible. Wait and see 	They are terrible. Wait and see 	I think they would make my life worth living.
3	I failed my final exam for math last semester. I all set to graduate but now I have to repeat it. Its horrible.	I failed my final exam for math last semester. I all set to graduate but now I have to repeat it. Its horrible.	That is terrible, i am sorry! hopefully youll be able to get it taken care of this time.
4	Trump behavior make me so angry. Even with the queen of England, I had an unacceptable behavior.	Trump behavior make me so angry. Even with the queen of England, I had an unacceptable behavior.	yea its insane that hes a political figure
5	My coworker told my boss that I came in to work 15 minutes late this morning. I couldn't believe he did that to me! [SEP] I am sorry, that sounds bad [SEP] Yeah, I could't understand why he would throw me under the bus like that.  	Yeah, I could't understand why he would throw me under the bus like that.  	Maybe it wont happen again
4	It was terminal, and the doctor said they caught it too late. [SEP] What?! Are you sick or your family member? [SEP] It was my father who was sick. He passed not too long ago.	It was my father who was sick. He passed not too long ago.	Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that, it must have been hard on you
7	I cried when I found out I couldn't attend Harvard. [SEP] oof was it the cost? [SEP] Yes, I was short by 100,000 dollars.	Yes, I was short by 100,000 dollars.	yikes thats quite a sum of money
5	I am so upset with my kids. [SEP] What did they do this time? Kids are always getting into stuff. [SEP] They never go to bed at a decent time. I can't get any sleep and am always rushing for work in the morning	They never go to bed at a decent time. I can't get any sleep and am always rushing for work in the morning	Those bums. Maybe then need to be reminded who is the boss.
1	It shocked me the first time my boyfriend told me he loved me.  [SEP] Awe! Was that recently? [SEP] It was the end of last year, but it was a big deal and changed a lot of things for the better.	It was the end of last year, but it was a big deal and changed a lot of things for the better.	That's awsome! Congrats! 
6	I saw my ex-girlfriend on a date with my best friend. [SEP] Oh man. I'm sorry. Do you still have a cordial relationship with your ex? [SEP] No, I am so hurt right now.	No, I am so hurt right now.	Have you talked to your friend?
3	I just got cable and decided on only one receiver.	I just got cable and decided on only one receiver.	Oh ok, I hope you are enjoying it. Why only one receiver?
6	I was so aggravated today while I was installing a new light fixture in my dining room!!	I was so aggravated today while I was installing a new light fixture in my dining room!!	Oh no! Did you eventually get it working after the frustration?
3	I am hoping for a raise with my evaluation next week.  Fingers crossed.  It was a good year though. [SEP] Good luck! I am sure that it will go well. [SEP] Thanks.  I hope so.  I have been working so hard.	Thanks.  I hope so.  I have been working so hard.	I hope you find out soon.
8	I am scared about my upcoming job interview, I get really nervous about this type of thing [SEP] What type of job are you applying for? [SEP] It is an IT job, and I am qualified for it but still scared	It is an IT job, and I am qualified for it but still scared	I bet you are, but don't worry you got this!
5	I would like to go vegan, but anytime I try a vegan dish, I REALLY dislike it. Like, stomach turning dislike. [SEP] It really limits your dietary choices.  I don't recommend it.   Have you considered vegetarian? [SEP] I haven't, but maybe I'll give it a try!	I haven't, but maybe I'll give it a try!	Or you could even just drop the vege anything and just minimize your animal protein intake
7	I get sentimental about my family, they mean a lot to me and I do not know what I would do without them	I get sentimental about my family, they mean a lot to me and I do not know what I would do without them	That's good to hear. I think family is very important.
4	Man something bad happened yesterday [SEP] what happend? tell me [SEP] I came home from work and my fish was dead	I came home from work and my fish was dead	that's sad news, i am sorry for this news you must have been extra drained after coming back from work from that news
3	I will always remember the day I found out I was pregnant with my first child. I was so happy and hurried out to get a card and gift for my husband to surprise him.	I will always remember the day I found out I was pregnant with my first child. I was so happy and hurried out to get a card and gift for my husband to surprise him.	That's awesome. My wife and I will hopefully be in that same boat soon. Was he excited?
5	This morning I was organizing some old boxes and I found pictures of me and my friends during our high school years [SEP] I've done this before! It can be very nostalgic to see old friends that you haven't seen in awhile. Did it bring back any particular memories? [SEP] Yes! it broght back many memories about the good times we spent together.	Yes! it broght back many memories about the good times we spent together.	You could always make a collage with your favorite pictures! 
1	I always tell the truth to the police.	I always tell the truth to the police.	That's a good thing. Lying to the police opens a whole world of trouble.
4	My father passed away. He left me his favorite watch. I like to wear it often to serve as a reminder of how great he was.	My father passed away. He left me his favorite watch. I like to wear it often to serve as a reminder of how great he was.	Thats amazing,  I am sorry for your loss, But atleast you have a constant reminder of him.
0	I lied to one of my friends, and I feel bad about it. I just  dont know how to tell her the truth.  [SEP] Just tell her? She will be grateful for the honesty. [SEP] Ugh... shes literally about to get married and her boyfriend has been cheating on her. I am scared to even bring it up. 	Ugh... shes literally about to get married and her boyfriend has been cheating on her. I am scared to even bring it up. 	Dang, that's rough. I wouldn't know what to do either. It's like you choose to be a good friend and destroy their marriage or let her get married so she's happy. Goodl uck
3	I forgot to make my student loan payment this month. [SEP] Ah, that's unfortunate. That can be really tough to remember sometimes. I know because I've forgotten that too. But you'll make it up as soon as you can, I'm sure! [SEP] I'm scared it will affect my credit score.	I'm scared it will affect my credit score.	As long as it's not too delinquent, and you have an otherwise good history of on-time payments, you should be okay! Try talking to your loan servicer, too. They can help.
6	My brand new car was hit in the grocery store parking lot yesterday.	My brand new car was hit in the grocery store parking lot yesterday.	did you catch the person?
1	My daugher will turn 16 next month and I cannot wait!! [SEP] Oh wow! I bet she and you are so excited about it! [SEP] We've been working on a car for her for almost a year now, getting it ready and restoring it.  Cannot wait to give it to her.	We've been working on a car for her for almost a year now, getting it ready and restoring it.  Cannot wait to give it to her.	What a nice surprise that is! I bet you anticipate her to love it!
6	I ran into a friend that I had not seen in years. We had a lot of catching up to do [SEP] Cool. Are they still the same? [SEP] Time changes all of us. But it was fun to think about the old times.	Time changes all of us. But it was fun to think about the old times.	Are you gonna get together again?
4	i was ready for that job interview [SEP] How did it go? [SEP] i didnt get the job, i wasnt prepared at all 	i didnt get the job, i wasnt prepared at all 	oh, I am sorry to hear that...
4	My grandmother just died a few months ago from cancer. 	My grandmother just died a few months ago from cancer. 	Oh, I'm so sorry. How old was she?
8	I have some stock that I forgot I had. Turns out they're worth 20k now.	I have some stock that I forgot I had. Turns out they're worth 20k now.	That was a wonderful surprise I am sure.
4	I made a big error in the last inning and cost my team the game.	I made a big error in the last inning and cost my team the game.	oh man, i'm sorry to hear that! We all make mistakes though, so it's okay. don't be hard on yourslef
3	 woke up a lot last night and felt like I didn't sleep at all. So I was not in the best mood all day and everything was getting on my nerves [SEP] I hate that feeling!  Do you have that happen often?  I feel you. I've been losing sleep every night recently.  Are you in front of blue light computer screens or phones a lot?  [SEP] I am! But I normally sleep pretty good. I am so exhausted by bed time- I woke up a bunch last night to go to the bathroom? So annoying.	I am! But I normally sleep pretty good. I am so exhausted by bed time- I woke up a bunch last night to go to the bathroom? So annoying.	That drives me crazy too!  I can't get back to sleep once I wake up to go to the bathroom.  Hope you get some smooth zzzzz's tonight! 
1	I was so happy today. I woke up early and ate a good breakfast then went in for my test and I know i passed it !	I was so happy today. I woke up early and ate a good breakfast then went in for my test and I know i passed it !	Great news! You must be feeling pretty good today.
8	Since this incident the have not spoken to me since. [SEP] I have not seen the message about the incident but I do hope that person will speak to you. [SEP] I was having a conversation at work with a coworker and they asked me on a date. I refused since I am married.	I was having a conversation at work with a coworker and they asked me on a date. I refused since I am married.	That was the right thing to do. You respect your marriage.
3	Last week, my car glass was broken by someone [SEP] What!? Did they steal anything? [SEP] No. There was nothing to steal. Now, I need to pay to fix it. I am already having some financial issues.	No. There was nothing to steal. Now, I need to pay to fix it. I am already having some financial issues.	That's no good. Those windows are not cheep either. Hopefully it wont cost too much. 
3	My daughter starts her first year of university in another city next week. I'll really miss her.  [SEP] That's really exciting for her!  But I'm sure being apart will be difficult for both of you. [SEP] Yeah, she took a year off in between college and high school, so I'm used to having her around. I'm anxious!	Yeah, she took a year off in between college and high school, so I'm used to having her around. I'm anxious!	Hopefully she isn't too far away for you to visit often!
2	Hi! I'm so excited! My husband and I decided to temporarily relocate to Arizona this winter! [SEP] sounds exciting. I always wanted to leave my were I was originally from so I could experience and see new things [SEP] You should! Have you?	You should! Have you?	No, but i hope things work out for you in this new part of your life.
3	I went to my old workplace. A lot of my coworkers were still there. I miss them sometimes [SEP] Why did you leave? [SEP] I had to leave for more money, but I really did love it there.	I had to leave for more money, but I really did love it there.	It's rare to find a place where everyone gets along. I hope your new job is still nice?
3	I got stuck in an elevator recently.	I got stuck in an elevator recently.	oof thats a sucky situation
3	Last year I lost my dog. [SEP] Sorry to hear that! Losing pets is tough, it's essentially losing a family member. [SEP] Yes indeed! I felt very sentimental, when we buried him.	Yes indeed! I felt very sentimental, when we buried him.	I hope you find the peace that you deserve and know your pet loved you!
8	I'm really happy with how things are going at work right now.  I just got a raise, and a promotion. [SEP] That's great! I hope things continue to go well for ya. [SEP] I hope so too.  Things don't normally go this well so I'm enjoying while it lasts.	I hope so too.  Things don't normally go this well so I'm enjoying while it lasts.	ah always gotta prepare for those unexpected rainy days.
4	I was running in the park, I slipped on a banana peel and fell. [SEP] oh no thats embarrassing. did anyone see? [SEP] Oh yes. There were a lot of people in the park. I am a cry baby so I started to cry.	Oh yes. There were a lot of people in the park. I am a cry baby so I started to cry.	i'm sorry to hear that! are you ok?
1	I love my husband. We have been married for 22 yrs.	I love my husband. We have been married for 22 yrs.	Hey that's amazing!!!  You don't see that often these days
7	Tomorrow is a fine day for me - I start my new job.	Tomorrow is a fine day for me - I start my new job.	Congratulations. Are you excited?
2	I'm gone vegetarian for over a year now. I wonder how my blood results will be	I'm gone vegetarian for over a year now. I wonder how my blood results will be	I bet they will be a lot better, I heard vegetarian helps a lot with that.
7	I had always been early to work and never late until this past month.	I had always been early to work and never late until this past month.	Thats good to hear and do
7	I won off a scratch off ticket! I have the absolute worst luck with these things too!	I won off a scratch off ticket! I have the absolute worst luck with these things too!	Congratulations! How much did you win?
2	My dad just walked in with a piece of cheesecake only for himself! Cheesecake is my favorite dessert! I really wish I could have gone to Cheesecake Factory with him. [SEP] Wow. He didn't get you one, hu? Thanks Dad. [SEP] Yeah, it's alright. He's been a little sad lately since he just recently retired, so I'm glad he's enjoying himself. I won't give him too much crap about it.	Yeah, it's alright. He's been a little sad lately since he just recently retired, so I'm glad he's enjoying himself. I won't give him too much crap about it.	That's nice of you. I hope he feels better soon.
8	I work at a soup kitchen and there was this man who comes in every week. I think talking to me is the only contact he ever gets. 	I work at a soup kitchen and there was this man who comes in every week. I think talking to me is the only contact he ever gets. 	People who take the time to help others are truely angels on Earth. Thank you for doing what you do.
8	I played dodge ball at summer camp one day. [SEP] did you do good? or get smacked around alot? [SEP] Because of how much people we had left midway through the game I knew we were going to win.	Because of how much people we had left midway through the game I knew we were going to win.	Thats right! they didnt wanna to see the slaughter anymore.
7	There were 3 HUGE spiders in my house yesterday! I had to kill the first one, and then my husband killed the second and then when he was spraying (because I made him) he found a third!	There were 3 HUGE spiders in my house yesterday! I had to kill the first one, and then my husband killed the second and then when he was spraying (because I made him) he found a third!	Holy moly! I hate spiders...You should spray your house more, just in case!
2	I am ready for Labor Day. [SEP] I'm in the UK - when is Labor day?  [SEP] It is on September 3rd. I am going to Las Vegas for it.	It is on September 3rd. I am going to Las Vegas for it.	Wow! That'll be amazing!
1	I had to take a trip away from home for three weeks. It made me so nervous I couldn't sleep. [SEP] Why were you nervous? [SEP] I was going to be away from my family. [SEP] Oh I see. How did it go? [SEP] It went well and I was happy to see them when I came back home.	It went well and I was happy to see them when I came back home.	I bet you were.
7	I was content the other day while watching my kids play at the park. [SEP] it is nice. i love doing that too [SEP] It wears them out so they sleep well@	It wears them out so they sleep well@	that is the best part
5	I am so upset with my kids. [SEP] What did they do this time? Kids are always getting into stuff. [SEP] They never go to bed at a decent time. I can't get any sleep and am always rushing for work in the morning	They never go to bed at a decent time. I can't get any sleep and am always rushing for work in the morning	Those bums. Maybe then need to be reminded who is the boss.
0	My kids start school next week. [SEP] Well congrats! Is it kindergarten? [SEP] Nope, 2nd and 4th. We went and got all their supplies today.	Nope, 2nd and 4th. We went and got all their supplies today.	Mine are in 1st, 6th, and 9th grade this year so I know what you mean.
3	There's been a big white wolf or coyote around my yard the past few months. I'm afraid he will kill the neighbors cats.  [SEP] That is scary, what are you going to do about it? [SEP] I don't know. I had a cute beaver and there was just a head and eyes left of some small animal that looked like him left in my yard. ugh.	I don't know. I had a cute beaver and there was just a head and eyes left of some small animal that looked like him left in my yard. ugh.	Wow that is sad, I hope you get that fixed
3	I had a chance to make some money, but my phone screwed up [SEP] Thats terrible... have you gotten a new phone yet?  [SEP] yes i did, but i still can not get that money	yes i did, but i still can not get that money	Thats true, but I hope some good luck comes your way soon..
2	Raising kids is hard at time, sometimes I am positive I am doing everything right to the best of my ability then other days I am sit wondering if I am being level headed about it all [SEP] I'm glad you're taking it seriously, parents have the ability to be the best thing that ever happened to their kids' lives, or the worst, but I'm sure you're doing your best [SEP] Oh for sure, parenting is no joke. 	Oh for sure, parenting is no joke. 	Hope you're enjoying it!
2	Halloween is my favorite holiday [SEP] That's cool what's your favorite part about it [SEP] Dressing up with the kids. i have kept every costume my kids have had.	Dressing up with the kids. i have kept every costume my kids have had.	Nice, you're never too old to go trick or treating haha
3	I always wake up before my two year old. I love to just cuddle her and look at her while she sleeps. It makes me so happy. [SEP] Awww! Sounds like you're a great parent! [SEP] I couldnt imagine doing anything else with my life. 	I couldnt imagine doing anything else with my life. 	I hope I can be a mom someday!
7	Just got the most beautiful gift. [SEP] Oh really? What was it? [SEP] A clock, from my uncle for my 25th birthday. I feel blessed.	A clock, from my uncle for my 25th birthday. I feel blessed.	That's nice. Congratulations on the gift. It's a useful one!
2	My son recently graduated from high school. [SEP] That's great. What is he doing now? [SEP] He is preparing for college.  I am so happy about it!	He is preparing for college.  I am so happy about it!	That's even more awesome. I hope he does well.
2	I have a coworker that plays their music so loud I can hear it from their headphones. I keep asking them to turn it down but they keep cranking it back up. [SEP] That must make you angry. Can you report him? [SEP] Ive asked my manager to say something. Hopefully that happens Monday. I cant take it anymore.	Ive asked my manager to say something. Hopefully that happens Monday. I cant take it anymore.	I understand. Hopefully he fixes it for you.
0	I always let drivers perpendicular to me cut in when there is a line behind me. Show some love, right? [SEP] Yea man, that's good karma! [SEP] Free karma in my eyes plus I always try to imagine if I was them. I would be so happy if a stranger let me cut in!	Free karma in my eyes plus I always try to imagine if I was them. I would be so happy if a stranger let me cut in!	Me too. Its always the worst when you are trying to get into the carpool line.
7	Sincererity is key to frendship [SEP] Absolutely, i can't imagine being betrayed by a friend. [SEP] Yes,even me,that is why i love being sincere	Yes,even me,that is why i love being sincere	The best virtue in life.
6	I am looking forward to the new football season.	I am looking forward to the new football season.	Me too. Who do you support?
4	he Air BnB people left my house in a mess. There were dirty diapers everywhere.	he Air BnB people left my house in a mess. There were dirty diapers everywhere.	Oh, no I"m sorry to hear that. 
1	I let my coworker handle my project when I was on sick leave.	I let my coworker handle my project when I was on sick leave.	That was nice of them to chip in. It must have felt good that you had someone to help. 
8	Hi, I am remembering a time in college when we did some cool activities! [SEP] Oh yeah? What kind of activities? [SEP] Fun ones. They were with a team so I think they are team building ones!	Fun ones. They were with a team so I think they are team building ones!	Oh neat. I love those kinds of games.
8	Yesterday I had to walk through a very shady part of town.	Yesterday I had to walk through a very shady part of town.	wow where were you going
7	I am so happy with my life right now! [SEP] Oh that's good! Any special reason? [SEP] I recently had a son and my marriage is going great!	I recently had a son and my marriage is going great!	Oh that is wonderful news! Congratulations!
6	omorrow I'm finally having a day off where I can enjoy going to the mall... I can't wait!	omorrow I'm finally having a day off where I can enjoy going to the mall... I can't wait!	Oooh, that sounds fun. What are you planning on shopping for?
1	Have you ever dealt with someone being really really sick?  A few years back, my husband was diagnosed with meningitis.  He had to be quarantined and we all had to take medication. [SEP] Oh wow. No I've never had to deal with that before. I hope your husband is ok! [SEP] He is fine now, but it was a tough few weeks.  Our church really rallyed around us, helping out with food and the kids, etc..	He is fine now, but it was a tough few weeks.  Our church really rallyed around us, helping out with food and the kids, etc..	That's awesome that you had such a great support network to help you. 
0	I still use all of my mothers cooking pots. She passed away a few years ago. Its a great reminder of her. [SEP] That is so wonderful that you have something of hers.  I'm so sorry you lost her.  That is so difficult.  Did she love cooking? [SEP] Yes and she was very good at it. I can still see her cooking my favorite dishes when I use them. 	Yes and she was very good at it. I can still see her cooking my favorite dishes when I use them. 	You still have her right there with you!  Its wonderful to know that you're keeping her food and memories so alive!
6	I bought so much junk food yesterday.	I bought so much junk food yesterday.	Have you eaten it all yet ?
0	Do you have any kids?	Do you have any kids?	Yes I have 3 children
3	I am ready for my job interview in a couple days. I have everything I need from attire to answers to questions! [SEP] That sounds like you should get the job for sure! Your competition doesn't stand a chance!! :) [SEP] Thanks! I feel very prepared for it!	Thanks! I feel very prepared for it!	Well, I hope the job is close to where you live. Long commutes are the worst, and they can take away from your personal time.
5	I ordered pizza for dinner tonight. [SEP] Yum! Pizza is the best [SEP] Not this one I got though, it had anchovies on it! Yuck!	Not this one I got though, it had anchovies on it! Yuck!	Oh noooo! That should be illegal!
2	I love so much my wife. She has been so caring and kind with me. [SEP] That's really nice! You should show her you appreciate her. Maybe cook her dinner! [SEP] I am bad cooker but I take her frequently for dinner in restaurant.	I am bad cooker but I take her frequently for dinner in restaurant.	Ahh yes, that's very nice too, good for her! You guys have a happy marriage.
2	I had a fantasy draft today, i researched alot for it [SEP] I've never tried that, do you bet money on it? [SEP] Yep i do every year	Yep i do every year	Nice, hope it goes well
6	My foot is turning yellow! [SEP] Did you go see a doctor? [SEP] Yes, He perscried me fungus cream.	Yes, He perscried me fungus cream.	How long will it take to get rid of the fungus?
6	My kids are pretty awesome	My kids are pretty awesome	Mine too.  How many do you have?
5	A homeless woman asked me for money for food and I said no. [SEP] Oh, how come? [SEP] I was in a hurry, I felt bad about it.	I was in a hurry, I felt bad about it.	No one's perfect. Maybe you'll see her next time.
4	I have not been in the best mood today.	I have not been in the best mood today.	I'm sorry to hear that. Is something wrong?
4	A light switch in my house stopped working and I was able to fix it without looking up how.	A light switch in my house stopped working and I was able to fix it without looking up how.	Wow, that is impressive. I probably couldn't have done it with a tutorial how. I would have walked around with a flashlight until someone felt sorry for me and fixed it
3	My dog pooped on the carpet.	My dog pooped on the carpet.	Oh no I hope you were able to clean it up!
5	My cubicle neighbor at work really bothers me. He eats all day long and is always chewing loud foods with his mouth open! I can barely think with him chomping like a cow!	My cubicle neighbor at work really bothers me. He eats all day long and is always chewing loud foods with his mouth open! I can barely think with him chomping like a cow!	I hate that. That's one of my biggest pet peeves. That's such an awkward situation, because you don't want to come off as high maintenance and ask them to stop, but it'd be so easy for them to have better manners, too. I wish I had better advice. Maybe go to HR?
1	My parents caught me off guard when they gave me a car for my graduation gift, I was not ready for it at all	My parents caught me off guard when they gave me a car for my graduation gift, I was not ready for it at all	Ohh that's awesome. Take some driving lessons and you will be fine!
6	One of my bestfriends was involved in a car accident that ended up being extremely bad. 	One of my bestfriends was involved in a car accident that ended up being extremely bad. 	Oh no! Was anyone badly injured?
1	Last week I took $20 from my wifes wallet.  [SEP] did you inform her? [SEP] I havent told her about it but I feel bad	I havent told her about it but I feel bad	Apologize to her. Don't feel guilty.
4	This year has been the worst for rains and flooding. My house was recently affected and heavily damaged.	This year has been the worst for rains and flooding. My house was recently affected and heavily damaged.	Im sorry to hear that do you have insurance to help you?
3	I am worried my cat is not feeling well. She doesn't move around much. I hope she doesn't have any health problems. [SEP] Oh no! I hope she's ok. Have you taken her to the vet? [SEP] I will take her tomorrow. I am hoping that she feels better soon.	I will take her tomorrow. I am hoping that she feels better soon.	I hope she does too. Maybe spend extra time loving on her tonight she she'll feel better.
4	Someone stole my lawn mower. Suffice to say...I am not a happy camper.	Someone stole my lawn mower. Suffice to say...I am not a happy camper.	That's terrible! Sorry to hear that.
8	I was going to have dinner with friends today, but I was stuck at work. [SEP] that always stinks, what kind of restaurant were yall going too? [SEP] It's a Chinese place. They make so good shrimp.	It's a Chinese place. They make so good shrimp.	man i LOVE shrimp!
7	Im feeling a little bad about what I did maybe I shouldnt maybe I should idk.  [SEP] I'll be the judge of that [SEP] My wife and I both needed new phones, but I could only afford 1 and I ended up buying 1 for myself. I am going to buy her one in a few months but I still feel real bad about it.  [SEP] That's nothing. As long as you still get her a phone. I wouldnt be mad [SEP] Yeah but I can feel the tension! 	Yeah but I can feel the tension! 	Well give her the new phone and then you get one later. Happy wife happy life
4	I remember when my grandma passed my family went to her house to clean it out and we found a lot of memorabilia	I remember when my grandma passed my family went to her house to clean it out and we found a lot of memorabilia	Sorry to hear about that.
1	I am having a new car delivered on Friday.  I can't wait! [SEP] thats cool. what kind of car are you getting [SEP] It is a special edition Porsche.  It is a dream car!	It is a special edition Porsche.  It is a dream car!	oh wow!
2	I've struggled with my weight for years and my ability to stick to a diet, but for the past four months I have been very dedicated to a new diet approach! I'm seeing amazing results. [SEP] that is awesome. i too have had the same issues. [SEP] I'm trying a new thing where I'm fasting for 16 hours a day by skipping breakfast. Makes it so much easier to stay faithful to a diet plan! [SEP] i wouldn't eat until 11 am and then stop eating by 9pm [SEP] Yeah, that sounds like a really good idea!	Yeah, that sounds like a really good idea!	it's not as hard as i thought it would be. certainly helps with staying within a certain amount of calories per daay.
8	I was camping last weekend and I heard an animal walking around outside out tent in the middle of the night. [SEP] Holy crap! Did you see what it was? [SEP] No! When we got up we seen these large weird footprints like nothing we've seen before. I was speechless. 	No! When we got up we seen these large weird footprints like nothing we've seen before. I was speechless. 	Oh wow. Should have taken pictures of it and used the internet to help you figure out what it was! I'd be curious.
3	Last week everyone got raises	Last week everyone got raises	well congrats!! hopefully it  was a good raise for everybody
8	I love when I come home and my cat is looking out the window waiting for me. [SEP] I love cats! Does your cat like to snuggle with you? [SEP] Oh yea! She's the sweetest, funniest thing.	Oh yea! She's the sweetest, funniest thing.	That is so cute! We have a cat too but he stays outside on the farm. He is best friends with our chickens!
0	I had a meal at the Cheesecake Factory. [SEP] What did you eat? was it delicious. [SEP] I had pizza, I was satisfied with my food.	I had pizza, I was satisfied with my food.	Pizza is my lifeblood, along with beer.
5	Came home to absolutely no one. I wonder where they all went.	Came home to absolutely no one. I wonder where they all went.	maybe they went to see a movie?
4	I found my old teddy bear in a box from a storage unit today. It really brought back some memories. [SEP] That's really cool! What kind of memories resurfaced? [SEP] It was the last thing my mom gave me before she passed away, so it wasn't really good memories.	It was the last thing my mom gave me before she passed away, so it wasn't really good memories.	Oh, I am sorry for being so insensitive. I am sure your mother is in a better place.
3	My daughter was feeling a bit under the weather last night. [SEP] That's too bad. Is she feeling better today? [SEP] She's at school so she wasn't too bad, but I'll have to wait to find out this afternoon.	She's at school so she wasn't too bad, but I'll have to wait to find out this afternoon.	I hope she feels better. That's never fun for mom or child.
1	I bought my kids a slap bracelet the other day, and it reminded me of buying them for myself when I was a kid.	I bought my kids a slap bracelet the other day, and it reminded me of buying them for myself when I was a kid.	I remember those. The light up ones were the coolest.
0	Catfishing should be illegal I swear...I'm not shallow but if you need a bunch of makeup and filters try hating yourself less and go to the gym or get a job that gives your life meaning! Rant over. [SEP] I agree, people who catfish need to get their priorities straight. [SEP] Thank you! Glad there are still some smart ppl in this world...	Thank you! Glad there are still some smart ppl in this world...	Exactly, looks are not the only think that matter in this world.
0	I'm sad I didn't get the job I really wanted and prepared for.	I'm sad I didn't get the job I really wanted and prepared for.	Oh no!  im sorry, I have been there before too many times.  Just know everything happens for a reason 
5	I cried when I heard Top Gun 2 was being made. [SEP] Really? Why? Out of happiness? [SEP] No, sadness. I know it won't be good and will ruin the first movie.	No, sadness. I know it won't be good and will ruin the first movie.	Good point. But maybe, just maybe, it'll be brilliant.
5	I am feeling an intense fear these days. [SEP] first way to overcome it is to figure out the reason for the fear [SEP] I know the reason. I found a mole on my back and I am afraid it's cancer	I know the reason. I found a mole on my back and I am afraid it's cancer	I think you have to go for a check up first before you can conclude. It might be a harmless mole
7	my cat vomited on my shoes today [SEP] Man that's the worst. [SEP] yea i bopped him afterwards	yea i bopped him afterwards	Feels so good man
0	I felt pretty alone today. I did not hear from anyone [SEP] That sucks. Have you tried contacting your family? [SEP] I did not. I was pretty lazy	I did not. I was pretty lazy	Well, you're talking to me so that's something.
3	The chain on the necklace my boyfriend gave me broke and I lost the pendant [SEP] Where were you when you noticed that is broke? Maybe it's possible to find it! [SEP] I only noticed once I got home from work. It most have broke somewhere on my walk home from work	I only noticed once I got home from work. It most have broke somewhere on my walk home from work	I'm sure you feel terrible about it. I hope you can find a replacement for it or have it fixed!
0	I got some fast food today and it was sooo good! [SEP] I bet.  I love fast food soooo much.  What did you have? [SEP] Oh lord...The bad one..mcdonalds! lol- I can't have wheat so I can't eat much..I wanted nuggets SO bad too..I don't eat it often..but junk food tastes nice now and again.	Oh lord...The bad one..mcdonalds! lol- I can't have wheat so I can't eat much..I wanted nuggets SO bad too..I don't eat it often..but junk food tastes nice now and again.	It really does.  I feel your pain on the no wheat policy.  I used to eat fast food all of the time and now I am a no wheat no oil vegan, so No fast food.
3	My grandmother passed away last thanksgiving. It is tought without her.	My grandmother passed away last thanksgiving. It is tought without her.	Im very sorry to hear that. hopefully it will get better with time.
3	Hello, I brought dishonor on my family by not getting A in my math class [SEP] oh wow, you should have known better [SEP] I know, I am so ashamed of myself. I should have studied harder...	I know, I am so ashamed of myself. I should have studied harder...	try harder next time and im sure you will do better!
5	5 [SEP] huh? [SEP] Sorry about that, my kids are fighting over the computer and hit some buttons lol they're driving me crazy! I'm so ready for school to start back! [SEP] Me too. I have one more day [SEP] I still have another week, they ask for snack every 5 minutes and they're eating me out of house and home!	I still have another week, they ask for snack every 5 minutes and they're eating me out of house and home!	I think you will make it
4	I am so mad.. My husband wont stop playing his video game. [SEP] That would be annoying.  How about meeting up with a friend or something? [SEP] I am so mad.. my husband wont stop playing his video game	I am so mad.. my husband wont stop playing his video game	I’m sorry. What are you going to do?
4	I was visiting a high school for my job recently and I slipped and fell in the hallway with many students watching.	I was visiting a high school for my job recently and I slipped and fell in the hallway with many students watching.	Oh I'm sorry. I hope you weren't hurt!
0	My dog was dying of old age [SEP] You will be fine, just get a new one [SEP] Thanks but I won't.	Thanks but I won't.	I understand how you feel, I used to have one like that, when It passed away, I got a puppy of the same exact breed and gave it the same name. with a few month, It looked like the one that passed away so It helped me to forget 
1	I can honestly say I have everything i could ever ask for. [SEP] That must be a great feeling, huh? [SEP] Yes! its been so o long since I have been this happy with my life.	Yes! its been so o long since I have been this happy with my life.	i'm glad to hear that!
4	I am devastated. [SEP] Why? [SEP] My grandmother just died.	My grandmother just died.	I'm sorry to hear that.
7	I'm really happy that I'm able to attend a university and get an education on something I'm passionate about [SEP] Congregation but what are you passionate about? [SEP] I'm passionate about becoming a nurse. I'm studying to get my degree so I can work in a hospital!	I'm passionate about becoming a nurse. I'm studying to get my degree so I can work in a hospital!	That is good
7	I'm expecting a good score in my exams. [SEP] glad to hear that. im guessing you have studied hard? [SEP] Yeah and I did exams well.	Yeah and I did exams well.	congratulations!! im glad to hear that. was the exam hard?
8	For some dumb reason I used to think that hobos were mystical and wise and believe everything they said...now I take everything I hear from a person broker than me with a grain of salt	For some dumb reason I used to think that hobos were mystical and wise and believe everything they said...now I take everything I hear from a person broker than me with a grain of salt	Interesting! I could see how you thought that. Just because they're homeless and have fallen on hard times doesn't mean they're dumb. But yeah, there's a good chance they did something wrong to be in that predicament, so their judgment could be questionable. 
5	The love of my life left me for a better man. [SEP] Oh no! Hey, I wouldn't say a better man. I'm sure you are just fine for someone else. She didn't deserve you. [SEP] I feel like sometimes i can be overbearing with my love and it backfires on its intended purpose 	I feel like sometimes i can be overbearing with my love and it backfires on its intended purpose 	Okay, yeah a lot of people seem to have that problem. Maybe you can learn from it for next time.
4	My sister fell ill a few weeks ago. I went to her house to take care of her.	My sister fell ill a few weeks ago. I went to her house to take care of her.	Oh no! I'm so sorry!  Is she okay? That is so great that she has you.
6	I preordered a New Tesla 3 last fall and have still yet to be contacted about when we will get it. Tesla is such a let down for us right now!	I preordered a New Tesla 3 last fall and have still yet to be contacted about when we will get it. Tesla is such a let down for us right now!	wow. was it expensive?
0	We sold our house a year ago and moved to a new one. We are very thankful for all the help our families provided. [SEP] You should be proud of the fact you have a new home to build a lifetime of memories in. [SEP] Thanks, we are. It was quite the process to get it ready, which is why we are happy to have our family helping us finish some things.	Thanks, we are. It was quite the process to get it ready, which is why we are happy to have our family helping us finish some things.	You all have reason to celebrate.  You should throw a huge party to thank them.
2	I can tell anything an everything to my mother.	I can tell anything an everything to my mother.	It is good to have a open relationship with your parents.
5	I pulled out of my driveway during a horrendous rain storm and accidently ran over my neighbors cat [SEP] Oh my gosh! It isn't your fault!!! [SEP] It was an accident but I feel so bad and hate to even admit I did it I just feel awful about it [SEP] I have ran over animals as well. It is an unfortunate reality. [SEP] Its horrible they are my neighbors and I know how much they love the cat, I am mortified, embarrassed and remorseful [SEP] Do they understand it was an accident? [SEP] They do but I still feel lower than dirt about it	They do but I still feel lower than dirt about it	It could be much worse. They could blame you and you would feel even worse. You should feel better with time.
4	My mom is getting older and having a tough time lately but I was a jerk that lost my cool and yelled at her on our phone call the other day.	My mom is getting older and having a tough time lately but I was a jerk that lost my cool and yelled at her on our phone call the other day.	I am sorry, it happens though
6	I am waiting for a gift my girlfriend sent to me from overseas. I just want to see what i got	I am waiting for a gift my girlfriend sent to me from overseas. I just want to see what i got	Oh, that's awesome. You feeling nervous about that? 
6	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today	Shocking. Does that not happen often for you?
0	i gained so much weight and i look so horrible... it's embarrasing [SEP] I know that feeling! Eating is so addicting... [SEP] yes, and i also stress eat. i can't control it	yes, and i also stress eat. i can't control it	Me too, you are not alone. It's a very common problem
3	Ugh. On Monday, I was writing an email, and my computer crashed. It took forever to reboot.  [SEP] I hate when that happens! [SEP] I know! Luckily, the email was saved in my drafts, but my computer was still slow afterwards. 	I know! Luckily, the email was saved in my drafts, but my computer was still slow afterwards. 	I'm happy for you. I have been in that situation before.
2	it was the best feeling ever watching my son graduate school [SEP] I bet it was! I have two kids but they're pretty young. I'm looking forward to seeing them achieve the same thing. [SEP] work with them and instill that education is very imortant	work with them and instill that education is very imortant	My son is going to the fourth grade and has been doing great so far. I hope he can keep it up!
3	My family member was going through a hard time. It just made me feel bad for them and caring [SEP] Yes, it's hard to see people you know and care about struggling.  Are they doing better? [SEP] They are now thankfully	They are now thankfully	That's great to hear!  I hope it stays that way and whateer troubles they had are subsided
8	My pet budgie bird died this morning. [SEP] Oh man I know how you feel. How old was your bird? [SEP] He was 10 years old, we spent so much time together. It's hard when you loose a pet.	He was 10 years old, we spent so much time together. It's hard when you loose a pet.	That is horrible. Take some time and grieve. Im always here if you need someone to talk to.
2	I think I did very good at my interview. I hope they call me back! [SEP] Good luck. That's always nerve racking waiting for them to call. I'm sure you did well though. [SEP] I have a really good feeling about this place though :)	I have a really good feeling about this place though :)	That is really exciting. I bet since you have a good feeling, they will call back.
4	I found my cat dead in the middle of the street. She was run over by a car.	I found my cat dead in the middle of the street. She was run over by a car.	ooh, sorry to hear that, was it by itself?
4	it so bad to see a girlfriend hug somebody you don't know [SEP] That would be weird [SEP] yeah and so bad	yeah and so bad	Sorry you had to see that
8	A few months ago I opened the door to find a day old baby kitty on my porch. [SEP] Awwwww!!! i love kittens, just adopted one. Was it adorable? [SEP] It looked like a hairless rat because it was so young.	It looked like a hairless rat because it was so young.	I bet. When I got my kitty her furr was still growing in. Shes adorable now though
4	I've been struggling all day. I had some carryout over the weekend and it's hitting me in the worse way. Very ill.	I've been struggling all day. I had some carryout over the weekend and it's hitting me in the worse way. Very ill.	I am so sorry to hear that. Are you feeling nauseated? 
3	I am getting older and it's hard to think on how many bad things I have experienced.\ [SEP] I'm sorry.  It sounds like you had a tough life. [SEP] Oh I have. I always maintained my glass half full though as so many have it worse! But it does get harder as the years go on. Life really doesn't always turn out how you think it will or how you want. It's a series of unfortunate and traumatic events a lot.	Oh I have. I always maintained my glass half full though as so many have it worse! But it does get harder as the years go on. Life really doesn't always turn out how you think it will or how you want. It's a series of unfortunate and traumatic events a lot.	I could not have said it better myself.
0	It's great to be in a committed relationship. Many people might be unnerved at their SO leaving for a week long kayaking trip, but not me. [SEP] I agree. I think it is important for couples to be secure enought to be happy that way. [SEP] For sure. We both have time to focus on our own activities. I think I'll read a book this week!	For sure. We both have time to focus on our own activities. I think I'll read a book this week!	I have been reading a lot it really helps me relax so much.
0	I took a walk through my local park and it was great! I realized that my life was pretty great while I was walking! [SEP] Going to the park is always nice [SEP] It really is. I always feel better after taking a walk. 	It really is. I always feel better after taking a walk. 	I do too
4	I'm so tired. I was awake for hours last night. [SEP] Oh, sorry to hear that. I was under a lot of stress. What happened to you? [SEP] Our dog was baking and I couldn't see what he was all upset about. He never bark like that.	Our dog was baking and I couldn't see what he was all upset about. He never bark like that.	Oh no, sorry hope it wasn't a snake. My hound dog is alwayd barking.
6	I participate in crossfit competitions. I have been training hard and feel really good about my ability to place. [SEP] That's probably great for your body and fitness. [SEP] It is.  I am in the best shape of my life and feel like I can do anything!	It is.  I am in the best shape of my life and feel like I can do anything!	That's great. Keep up the wonderful work. Do you diet well too?
6	I ordered takeout yesterday and I got home and found out half my food was missing. [SEP] What happened to it? [SEP] The place shorted me.  	The place shorted me.  	That is not good, did you complain?
4	My friend was going to help me do something but they ditched last week [SEP] Well that's lousy of them! What did you want them to help you with? [SEP] moving to university	moving to university	Yuck, that's stressful enough without having your friend flake on you. Sorry to hear that.
0	So  last Halloween i ate all my kids candy while they were asleep [SEP] that sounded like an ambitious endeavor, you must have felt sick afterwards [SEP] yeah and i was worried so i went out that morning and bought them more candy to replace it	yeah and i was worried so i went out that morning and bought them more candy to replace it	they will never know, as long they have candy and you can keep your dark secret to yourself
2	I got concert tickets for my birthday. I thought the show was sold out. My girlfriend got them for me. [SEP] You got an awesome girlfriend. Who are you going to see? [SEP] Im going see Phoenix. She even told me she wasnt able to get them. Haha	Im going see Phoenix. She even told me she wasnt able to get them. Haha	She sure surprised you. I hope you have a great time at the concert.
4	My nephew died in a car wreck.	My nephew died in a car wreck.	oh my god, so sad. how did that happen. Feel so sorry for you
1	I'm expecting a friend who I haven't seen in years to come over tomorrow. I'm a bit nervous about seeing him as I'm not really sure how much may have changed since the last time I saw him. [SEP] It's exciting that you will be able to reconnect with an old friend. I understand that you're nervous, though! [SEP] Yeah I think so. I usually get nervous before social situations so I guess I'm used to feeling this way anyway.	Yeah I think so. I usually get nervous before social situations so I guess I'm used to feeling this way anyway.	I'm sure once you see each other and get to chatting it will be like no time has passed! Have fun!
5	I wish I could have some company on my nightly walks. [SEP] Do you just walk alone usually? [SEP] yes, and its nice and relaxing, just wouldnt mind company	yes, and its nice and relaxing, just wouldnt mind company	Maybe you can invite someone every now and then, like a neighbor or someone you trust.
5	My sister actually paid my back on time last week [SEP] Well, that's good. Did she borrow money from you? [SEP] she always does and never pays it back on time. But this time she did	she always does and never pays it back on time. But this time she did	Perhaps she's turned over a new leaf. It's very good of you to lend her money, even if she is your sister.
0	"Last winter a big snow storm was approaching. I had to rush around to get the final stuff and the snow had already started. [SEP] Were you able to get all the things you needed in time [SEP] Yes thankfully. It was a fast moving storm. I ended up very lucky.	Yes thankfully. It was a fast moving storm. I ended up very lucky.	That is good, I need to prepare for this year it is going to be winter before we know it
2	My sister is pregnant!  I can't believe I'm going to have another niece or nephew [SEP] That is pretty exciting :) do you have kids of your own [SEP] I have a son, he's one.  I also have one niece and one nephew already	I have a son, he's one.  I also have one niece and one nephew already	Nice looks like you're gonna be racking up some babysitting hours..lol hope you're ready 
6	Waiting for my brother at the airport. Haven't seen the dude in years. [SEP] where has he been? [SEP] Just living his life and working some states away.	Just living his life and working some states away.	thats cool. what does he do for a living?
5	I brought my very first car after years of saving money [SEP] Well done! What kind of car did you get? [SEP] A Honda, it was brand new [SEP] Wow. Are you happy with it? [SEP] A lot, I love it [SEP] I wish I was patient enough to save like that [SEP] I did it because it was my childhood dream	I did it because it was my childhood dream	I'm impressed. You should be proud of yourself.
0	I'd been having computer problems for quite a while. Finally I decided to take my computer into a shop. I was shocked at how quickly and fast the tech fixed the computer and had it working like new.	I'd been having computer problems for quite a while. Finally I decided to take my computer into a shop. I was shocked at how quickly and fast the tech fixed the computer and had it working like new.	I agree, these shop mechanics can be extremely knowledgeable when it comes to computers.
7	Oh yes, he is going to be really mad. He loves his car, it's like his baby. [SEP] I bet he does.  [SEP] I want to tell him about it but I don't know how. [SEP] Just sit him down and tell him. [SEP] I will try, I am afraid. [SEP] Don't be afraid! You are smart. You are strong. You've had enough. [SEP] Thank you, I will muster some courage.	Thank you, I will muster some courage.	Good luck!
2	I had some ice cream after a hard day's work today. It was so refreshing.	I had some ice cream after a hard day's work today. It was so refreshing.	Yeah, ice cream really hits the spot when you're tired.  Especially when it's hot in the summer time like this.
0	my friend went back with her ex again.  [SEP] Ouch, that could be bad.  What was her reason? [SEP] She lacks confidence. I don't think it's going to end well.	She lacks confidence. I don't think it's going to end well.	That's a tough thing to watch happen.  Just be there to support her when she needs it.
8	I was shopping at the store the other day and I bumped into a rack and spilled wine bottles everywhere. Everyone was staring.  [SEP] Oh geez, that sounds pretty embarrassing. Did any of the bottles break? [SEP] No luckily haha but it made me blush for sure.	No luckily haha but it made me blush for sure.	That's a shame. If they did, you could've reversed the situation and summoned everybody over to throw down and have a supremo wine fest.
8	Have you ever heard someone try to inhale a sandwich? Like literally breath in every crumb like it's the last sandwich they'll ever eat...it's horrible [SEP] I have not and don't want to. [SEP] Well you're one of the lucky ones	Well you're one of the lucky ones	I do like a good sandwich thou. But I eat slow.
5	I was walking home from the store and I saw a little cat trying to cross the road. So I stopped and helped it along! I felt so good! [SEP] That's cool. Sounds like you're an animal person [SEP] I am, even though I don't have any pets.	I am, even though I don't have any pets.	If you could..would you get a cat or a dog
4	I didn't get the promotion that I worked so hard.	I didn't get the promotion that I worked so hard.	I'm sorry to hear that!
4	I was pretty sure I was going to get a good grade on my paper [SEP] "was" pretty sure ? [SEP] I got a good grade but I ended up failing the class	I got a good grade but I ended up failing the class	I'm sorry to hear that.
7	I was trying to buy a house, but I didn't have enough credit history to get approved. [SEP] Don't worry. Ask some help from your friends and family. [SEP] My dad offered to cosign for me, so I was able to get it!	My dad offered to cosign for me, so I was able to get it!	Happy to hear! have a happy home!
0	My husband told me last year that he wanted a divorce. [SEP] Sorry to hear that how did things turn out did you two make it work or going through the process now?  [SEP] Well, he didn't have a real reason honestly - just said he wasn't happy.  But it's a  year later and he's still here so - LOL!	Well, he didn't have a real reason honestly - just said he wasn't happy.  But it's a  year later and he's still here so - LOL!	He has to be happy if he still there marriage is important and he has to be open in communication with you instead of pulling the divorce card. 
6	My white dog doesn't want to go outside lately but once he is out there, he is fine like he normally is! [SEP] Do you have more than one dog?? [SEP] Oh yes, that is his nickname though! We call him "white dog".	Oh yes, that is his nickname though! We call him "white dog".	I feel like this is obvious,  but is he white?
0	I was just diagnosed with breast cancer, just at its first stage, and I don't even know how to feel or what to do. Its terrifying. [SEP] Oh love! I can only imagine the feelings you must be experiencing. Do you have a good support system in place? [SEP] I have a wonderful family and a couple close friends that have been with me through my other illnesses so I know they're be with me through this.  I wish I had gone plant based sooner because dairy is linked with very high risk of breast cancer.	I have a wonderful family and a couple close friends that have been with me through my other illnesses so I know they're be with me through this.  I wish I had gone plant based sooner because dairy is linked with very high risk of breast cancer.	I'm so glad you have people to lean on -- though obviously, your experience is *yours* and no one can know exactly how you're feeling. Are you familiar with Kris Carr, with your interest in a plant-based approach to diet?
2	My brother got hit with a DUI the other night. His wife said that was the last straw, as she was tired of his drinking. She kicked him out and now he's living with me. I feel so terrible for everyone involved, especially because they have two kids [SEP] sorry to hear that, my brother has a drinking problem too, and has kids, i love him but at this point we are more focused on the kids , i tell him if you get locked up who is gonna raise the girls , of course we are but still they need a father  [SEP] Yeah, and you can never turn your back on family, even if they completely complicate your life.. It's a no-win situation. The kids probably prefer to stay in the original situation, even though it's not healthy and safe, because they just don't understand.. just a big head ache. I'll do what I can, but who knows how much that will be.	Yeah, and you can never turn your back on family, even if they completely complicate your life.. It's a no-win situation. The kids probably prefer to stay in the original situation, even though it's not healthy and safe, because they just don't understand.. just a big head ache. I'll do what I can, but who knows how much that will be.	all you can do is stay positive , all we can hope is our brothers will one day wake up before its to late 
4	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I could not handle that at all	I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I could not handle that at all	I'm sorry to hear that. Were you close?
3	I stole money from my son's piggy bank. [SEP] Why did you do that? [SEP] I need money for beer.  I feel so ashamed for my behavior.	I need money for beer.  I feel so ashamed for my behavior.	That is terrible, I hope things get better for you both
5	I got happy when my brother came home from college. It made me think I could go to college one day too	I got happy when my brother came home from college. It made me think I could go to college one day too	Well you should always think that. It's not hard once you get into the groove of it.
4	i was not happy when i couldnt leave work on time	i was not happy when i couldnt leave work on time	Sorry to hear that.. Did you miss something important?
5	I really like a new perfume that I've tried but it's so expensive I don't know if I should get it	I really like a new perfume that I've tried but it's so expensive I don't know if I should get it	Maybe if you search some more it will go on sale. But if you really like it you should get it.
7	I had to go and take a test in order to get certified, and I was feeling really good about it. I have been studying for days [SEP] What are you getting certified for?  It seem that you were weel prepared. [SEP] I am going to be a certified pharmacy technician. I cant wait to find out if I made it	I am going to be a certified pharmacy technician. I cant wait to find out if I made it	That is great.  I wish you the best of luck!
4	My food order today did not turn out as well as I had hoped. [SEP] Sorry to hear!  What all did you order?  And what was wrong with it? [SEP] Everything was cold. We had burgers and fries. You can't eat cold fries. [SEP] Cold fries are the *worst* b/c the potatoes are just gross at that point.  Did you get your money back, at least? [SEP] Nope. I was starving so I ate it lol	Nope. I was starving so I ate it lol	Oh bless your heart!  I'm sorry to hear!  I'd have returned it and gotten the whole meal free for the cold messed up fries!
0	I was shocked when my brother invited me for lunch. I had not seen him all week [SEP] Do you guys not get together as much?  [SEP] No, he works a lot	No, he works a lot	I know that feeling, I have a brother I don't see as much as I used to.
1	My cousin didn't even told me he was having a kid, I had to hear it from someone else. [SEP] Did you guys ever fall out? [SEP] No we didn't, I was just surprise, didn't see it coming.	No we didn't, I was just surprise, didn't see it coming.	Wow, it's always the people that your closest to that end up changing.
5	I used to have faith in strangers. Now I walk around with a switch blade ready for whatever [SEP] Really? Why is that? [SEP] I've gotten jumped twice 	I've gotten jumped twice 	Oh man that's rough... maybe you should think about moving?
2	I'm pleased with how I've been handling a large amount of stress lately. [SEP] That's good, stress is so common in life so it's easy to become overwhelmed. [SEP] Yes, it is. I'm learning to just put my head down and get to work digging out.	Yes, it is. I'm learning to just put my head down and get to work digging out.	That's an impressive philosophy, you seem to have grit so I think you will go far.
8	My 15 year old cat just passed away. I feel so empty and down in the dumps without him. [SEP] I am so sorry to hear that! [SEP] I can't get over bad I feel.	I can't get over bad I feel.	I unsderstand that entirely
0	I got a hotdog lunch the other day with my last 5.95 and I dropped it while I was getting into my car.	I got a hotdog lunch the other day with my last 5.95 and I dropped it while I was getting into my car.	That's the worst.  No money and now hungry.
5	My stepmother just died. I am very sad [SEP] I'm so sorry to hear that.  Death is not an easy thing to cope with. [SEP] No its not she was only in her 50s life is short 	No its not she was only in her 50s life is short 	It's a difficult way to realize you should live every day to the fullest potential.
2	I am looking forward to the new football season. [SEP] Me too. Who do you support? [SEP] I am a Cowboys fan.  I can't wait for it!	I am a Cowboys fan.  I can't wait for it!	I hope they do well for you
7	I have never cheated on any exams in school.	I have never cheated on any exams in school.	Good for YOU! Integrity is very rare nowadays
0	My boyfriend farted in bed the other day, it was so bad I had to leave	My boyfriend farted in bed the other day, it was so bad I had to leave	Lol I know you was bad he may need to watch what he eats or at least warn you next time.
4	I was weight lifting at the gym today and I accidentally farted. I'm pretty sure some attractive girls nearby heard me... I don't want to go back now.	I was weight lifting at the gym today and I accidentally farted. I'm pretty sure some attractive girls nearby heard me... I don't want to go back now.	I'm sorry.  It happens to all of us.
8	I recently moved from Alabam aall the way to Indiana. I like it a lot better, but I hate having to leave my family behind. I miss them. [SEP] Yea that is really far. Give it some time and I am sure you will meet some new people. [SEP] Thanks for that! I've been feeling pretty blue, so I appreciate it.	Thanks for that! I've been feeling pretty blue, so I appreciate it.	It takes time to adapt to a new city. Get involved in some groups to meet like minded people.
7	My tenants left my house in an absolute, filthy mess. [SEP] oh god, what are you going to do now? [SEP] I will have to call the cleaning company because I am beyond disgusted by the smell and stains on my carpet	I will have to call the cleaning company because I am beyond disgusted by the smell and stains on my carpet	good luck with that! 
5	I hate wasps so much. They always seem to get into my apartment somehow and I turned into a little girl!	I hate wasps so much. They always seem to get into my apartment somehow and I turned into a little girl!	Oh wow, I bet that's scary. Maybe there's something you could look into to help prevent that happening, that does not sound fun!
7	I'm moving to the beach in 6 months and the anticipation is killing me! [SEP] Oh I have always wanted to live at the beach, I bet you will have a blast [SEP] I am hoping so.  I always love going there on vacation, and I hope I feel as relaxed living there as I do when I'm on vacation.	I am hoping so.  I always love going there on vacation, and I hope I feel as relaxed living there as I do when I'm on vacation.	Best part about it is you will never have to leave!
7	I got randomly invited to a party in a weird part of town so I was hesitant to go to it. [SEP] Oh, did you go? [SEP] Yeah and it was a great time, thankfully.	Yeah and it was a great time, thankfully.	Then all is well.
1	My brother bought a new bike.	My brother bought a new bike.	oh nice
3	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my door [SEP] Did they leave a note or anything?  I would be really upset too.  Were there any cameras that could have seen who did it? [SEP] they didnt leave a note, just a dent :(	they didnt leave a note, just a dent :(	Thats the worst.  I would feel so awful if I left a dent and fleed the scene of the crime.  Hopefully the guilt is eating away at that person.
1	I ran a mile in under 6 minutes today.	I ran a mile in under 6 minutes today.	wow. thats amazing
3	I didn't get a big promotion at work, I worked so hard for it. [SEP] Sorry to hear that, I know that you probably feel disappointed but there will be other opportunities!  [SEP] I was,but I will try harder next time.	I was,but I will try harder next time.	Yes, and you will succeed eventually. 
0	I was at the store and I dropped my wallet. Luckily some old man picked it up and gave it back to me before I even noticed! [SEP] Man that was super lucky, most people would have taken it [SEP] Yeah, its good to know there are still good people in this world	Yeah, its good to know there are still good people in this world	Exactly, it doesnt happen very often 
4	My weekend is going well so far. I am hoping tomorrow nothing bad happens [SEP] I am sure tomorrow will be fine [SEP] Well it's been bad sundays for awhile, so I am hoping it isn't this time :) Someone acts up on Sundays...it's ridiculous	Well it's been bad sundays for awhile, so I am hoping it isn't this time :) Someone acts up on Sundays...it's ridiculous	I am sorry, I hope tomorrow is different then
0	I don't know if its weird but I am most comfortable laying in bed watching TV and hanging out from there. [SEP] I'm right there with you. I've always been a home-body. I don't like going out as much. Sometimes people say millennials and technology have disconnected people too much.. that could be true. But at least we're comfortable doin it. [SEP] Yeah for sure, I still like people but not everyday and my fiance is usually enough for me with my animals!	Yeah for sure, I still like people but not everyday and my fiance is usually enough for me with my animals!	Absolutely. I'm the kind of person that can be around for people a little bit, but get drained by them. I think that's getting more and more common for others. Could you tell me what kind of animals you have real quick!
8	My little brother just got into college! [SEP] woohooo i bet you are super excited [SEP] I am! I'm excited to see what he does with his life. So many opportunities	I am! I'm excited to see what he does with his life. So many opportunities	he should not waste this away
4	My dad left for his deployment to Afghanistan yesterday. It was a sad time.	My dad left for his deployment to Afghanistan yesterday. It was a sad time.	I am sorry, I am sure he will be safe
0	Man, don't you hate when you have a test coming up and you procrastinate studying?	Man, don't you hate when you have a test coming up and you procrastinate studying?	Yes.. I have a test coming up and I should be studying right now!  LOL
3	I'm kind of socially awkward and I don't know how to start conversations in real life. I wish i had more friends	I'm kind of socially awkward and I don't know how to start conversations in real life. I wish i had more friends	having a few good friends or even one is better then having a bunch of fake ones. It is hard to make friends as an adult that are true friends even if you are great at it! So don't feel bad
4	My dad had cancer and was bed ridden  [SEP] Oh no,  How long did he live?  is he still alive? [SEP] 52 years	52 years	Thats not very long, I am sorry for your loss.
5	My son came first in the swimming gala at his college! [SEP] Wow! That's an amazing accomplishment! You must be so proud of him! [SEP] I really am! He worked so hard and it finally paid off. 	I really am! He worked so hard and it finally paid off. 	That's really great for him. Maybe he should try out for the olympics?
7	So i was taking a friend home from work one day and it started to rain as we got to his place. Like a down pour. [SEP] Did he get soaked? [SEP] Nope because the umbrella he forgot a while back was in my car.	Nope because the umbrella he forgot a while back was in my car.	That's good
3	Was supposed to hang out with my friend after work but turns out she has to work late [SEP] That really sucks [SEP] Yea, it does. Don't know if we'll ever to hang out.	Yea, it does. Don't know if we'll ever to hang out.	I always hate when work gets in the way of having friends. It's always one way or the other.  If it's not your schedule it's theirs
7	My husband and I renewed out wedding vows for our 25th anniversary. It was such a sweet and memory filled day. 	My husband and I renewed out wedding vows for our 25th anniversary. It was such a sweet and memory filled day. 	Wow! Congratulations! That sounds like a wonderful thing to do. Was it just the two of you?
2	I got to quit my terrible job a few weeks ago.  [SEP] That must be a relief. [SEP] It was very much so. I put up with them for a year, terrible pay, constantly changing rules. They said they were going to promote me but didnt	It was very much so. I put up with them for a year, terrible pay, constantly changing rules. They said they were going to promote me but didnt	I hope you get a fresh start elsewhere!
4	My dad loved this time of year. So it makes me think of him and miss him	My dad loved this time of year. So it makes me think of him and miss him	I'm so sorry to hear that. How long has it been if I may ask?
0	I lost my mind and temper, when i have been told i won't be promoted [SEP] That must've really upset you. Did they explain why? [SEP] yeah it did, it was deserved one but they didn't explain and i am so angry right now!!	yeah it did, it was deserved one but they didn't explain and i am so angry right now!!	Definitely take some time to vent out your anger. It's totally undestandable.
7	I just finished cleaning out my a/c condensor. [SEP] That sounds like a job! [SEP] Yeah, I'm worried I snapped one of the coolant lines. That might get really expensive.	Yeah, I'm worried I snapped one of the coolant lines. That might get really expensive.	I wish you good luck with that!
8	I love camping! I'm going down to the beach this weekend and going to sleep out there for a couple of days! [SEP] That is awesome and sounds like so much fun! What are you most excited for? [SEP] Getting a tan! My skin has barely seen the sun all summer long, I'm ready to bask in the sunlight!	Getting a tan! My skin has barely seen the sun all summer long, I'm ready to bask in the sunlight!	I can relate! I love to tan and haven't had the chance to yet either!
1	I can't believe I won the poker game. [SEP] wow good for you man [SEP] I won over 500 bucks.	I won over 500 bucks.	dang that is so awesome
7	I am assured I will do very well on my exams tomorrow. I have prepared very well all night. [SEP] I bet you will! You seem prepared.  [SEP] Thank you. Wish me luck!	Thank you. Wish me luck!	Good luck! 
2	I am going to visit my best friend next month. [SEP] I bet you are excited [SEP] Yes very much. I haven't seen her in 4 years.	Yes very much. I haven't seen her in 4 years.	I hope you have fun
0	My dad was there for me when I dropped out of college. I knew things would be okay because of him	My dad was there for me when I dropped out of college. I knew things would be okay because of him	That is an example of an awesome parent.  It is good to know he has got your back!
6	Well I rescued another dog the other day and thankfully she is very calm and sweet but I was so worried when I saw her as I already have more then enough animals.	Well I rescued another dog the other day and thankfully she is very calm and sweet but I was so worried when I saw her as I already have more then enough animals.	That's so awesome. Is she little or big?
8	I saw a guy wrestle an alligator. [SEP] Dang! Did the guy get hurt? [SEP] No, he won! I was really inspired by it.	No, he won! I was really inspired by it.	Almost makes me want to become the next Steve Irwin. I'd be better than him because there ain't no way that I would let a stupid stingray end my life!
2	I went to the park yesterday and read a book under the tree. It felt so nice. [SEP] It seems like a nice way to relax [SEP] It was! It's been forever since I got some free time to do that. It felt so relaxing.	It was! It's been forever since I got some free time to do that. It felt so relaxing.	I will try that when the weather is cooler
5	My best friend always interrupts me when I talk. [SEP] lol.  Maybe you should talk to them about it! [SEP] I would probably get interrupted.  It is so irritating!	I would probably get interrupted.  It is so irritating!	Yeah I understand.  Maybe you should pay them back by interrrupting them?
4	Don't you hate it when you are not sure you can trust someone? [SEP] yes i do, that's why i only trust one person, my wife [SEP] My son went on a field trip and needed some money for a snack and drink.  Unfortunately, I only had a $20.	My son went on a field trip and needed some money for a snack and drink.  Unfortunately, I only had a $20.	im sorry, what did happend next? how does that make you feel?
1	I cant stop thinking about my grandmother. She passed away recently and it hurts to think about. [SEP] I'm sorry to hear that. I lost mine recently also. [SEP] Im sure it will get better with time. I used to see her everyday for lunch. I miss those times.	Im sure it will get better with time. I used to see her everyday for lunch. I miss those times.	That must be hard. 
2	I was 26 when I had my first child - that was a very scary experience.  I'm actually surprised we went on and had another one! [SEP] That is scary! As a 26 year old I cannot imagine actually having kids at this age. I'd be running around like a chicken [SEP] Well, unfortunately I got HELLP syndrome and basically my organs started shutting down - they had to do an emergency c-section and I was in the hospital over a week.	Well, unfortunately I got HELLP syndrome and basically my organs started shutting down - they had to do an emergency c-section and I was in the hospital over a week.	That's rough! I'm glad you're ok now (I hope), but that must have been really traumatic 
7	I'm waking up everyday feeling like my life is getting more and more on track toward my goals.  It's pretty great	I'm waking up everyday feeling like my life is getting more and more on track toward my goals.  It's pretty great	That should be an awesome feeling. I do wish you all the best in life.
5	I was upset when my favorite TV show was canceled. Now I don't have anything to watch.	I was upset when my favorite TV show was canceled. Now I don't have anything to watch.	Well thats disappointing. Maybe you can find a show similar to it to watch. 
6	There was this last piece of cake that I was eyeballing, but my husband ate it! [SEP] Did you tell him you wanted it? [SEP] Yes! I was so envious of him! It was my favorite flavor, too! Chocolate, oh well.	Yes! I was so envious of him! It was my favorite flavor, too! Chocolate, oh well.	Will he buy you a cake when you shop next time?
5	My roomate is leaving at the end of the month to move up north [SEP] Are you going to have any other roommate or you will be living alone? [SEP] I'll be by myself, so I need to find another roomate. I'm not really sure about the best way to do that though. I had enough randoms in college	I'll be by myself, so I need to find another roomate. I'm not really sure about the best way to do that though. I had enough randoms in college	Maybe you can post an ad on Craigslist. That way many will see and be interested 
4	I was visiting my parents in my old home town. I passed in front the movie theater where I used to work. I remember having so much fun there. [SEP] what kind of fun did you remember having there [SEP] Just goofing off with all my friends. No real worries. It was cool to see it looked the same as 20 years ago.	Just goofing off with all my friends. No real worries. It was cool to see it looked the same as 20 years ago.	wow quite a long time
2	my friend joined the airforce and became an air traffic controller. [SEP] That sounds like some good work experience. How long is he in. [SEP] I'm not sure but then they got out and became a police officer and is now a detective!	I'm not sure but then they got out and became a police officer and is now a detective!	Well, hopefully he is as good as Sherlock Holmes and saves some lives.
5	i used to collect spawn comics , one time i got home and saw all my comics torn up , it was so mad  [SEP] That is horrible. Did you find out who did it? [SEP] yes my baby sister , she was like 3 years old 	yes my baby sister , she was like 3 years old 	I think you should have put them in a difficult to reach for babies place
3	I was singing to some old school Britney Spears. Didn't know my coworkers were still around.	I was singing to some old school Britney Spears. Didn't know my coworkers were still around.	Lol. That's funny. Better hope you dont end up on YouTube.
5	My bus didn't show up on time and I had stand out in the rain for an extra 20 minutes earlier.	My bus didn't show up on time and I had stand out in the rain for an extra 20 minutes earlier.	That's odd... Usually buses are always on time. Maybe the weather had something to do with it. I'm sorry to hear that happened to you. All dried off now?
0	alot of attempted abuctions near me has me nervous when my wife and son go out alone [SEP] dang thats messed up..  [SEP] yeah tell me about it, bunch of creeps around here	yeah tell me about it, bunch of creeps around here	yea thats a lot of places now.. 
7	I got a call this morning letting me know I won a new rifle in a raffle I entered. [SEP] that's amazing  [SEP] I've entered a bunch of those. Finally won one.	I've entered a bunch of those. Finally won one.	I wish I can win like you, I have never won anything before
6	My dog pooped on the rug today. I never felt so peeved!	My dog pooped on the rug today. I never felt so peeved!	Did you punish your dog?
4	Man something bad happened yesterday [SEP] what happend? tell me [SEP] I came home from work and my fish was dead	I came home from work and my fish was dead	that's sad news, i am sorry for this news you must have been extra drained after coming back from work from that news
5	My sister got a new pair of shoes. They were the same ones that I had been wanting but can't afford. I should have been happy for her but I wasn't.	My sister got a new pair of shoes. They were the same ones that I had been wanting but can't afford. I should have been happy for her but I wasn't.	A little jealous much?  Maybe you should pick up a side job?
7	I am so happy that I have finally gotten a head start on being organized to teach this year	I am so happy that I have finally gotten a head start on being organized to teach this year	This is so good, well done
0	I am watching the last season of game of thrones [SEP] thats awesome. dont spoil anything, okay? :D [SEP] I wo't I am sad that it is ending	I wo't I am sad that it is ending	well, true. me too
7	I'll be getting a promotion in the new year.	I'll be getting a promotion in the new year.	Congratulations! Does it come with a raise?
4	You ever have a dream that feels way too real? The other day I had a dream where I was a kid again and I was with my family and everything was peaceful and happy. [SEP] Yes all the time! That sounds like a nice dream. Do you still have a close relationship with your family? [SEP] Yea, I do, but it was strained for a while. It got real bad between them and it led to me honestly hating them both. It really sucked because I enjoyed my childhood a lot. It's nice that it's better now, but it's still not what it used to be. I actually woke up crying from that dream, lol.	Yea, I do, but it was strained for a while. It got real bad between them and it led to me honestly hating them both. It really sucked because I enjoyed my childhood a lot. It's nice that it's better now, but it's still not what it used to be. I actually woke up crying from that dream, lol.	Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can repair and issues you have between you guys. There's nothing more important than family.
3	I recently got caught speeding and lied to the cop about why, so he let me go. I feel kind of guilty/	I recently got caught speeding and lied to the cop about why, so he let me go. I feel kind of guilty/	Yeah, everyone speeds. Terrible to get caught. Hopefully you weren't speeding in a neighborhood, were you?
4	My dog died and I was just heartbroken. I got her when she was a puppy and she lived to be 20 years old. [SEP] aww, i am so sorry for your lost, i know this is a very hard time for you [SEP] She truly was an amazing dog. She followed me everywhere, I should have named her Shadow.	She truly was an amazing dog. She followed me everywhere, I should have named her Shadow.	i am sorry again, what are you hoping to do now? 
6	I have been getting everything ready for grad school and I think I  finally have all that I need. 	I have been getting everything ready for grad school and I think I  finally have all that I need. 	what are you studying?
5	Almost every night, something keeps dumping over my big trash can outdoors. I keep watching for animals but the way its propped up on a board, I don't see how an animal can do it.	Almost every night, something keeps dumping over my big trash can outdoors. I keep watching for animals but the way its propped up on a board, I don't see how an animal can do it.	I HATE when that happens. In my case it was a dog, I caught him on camera! Maybe you should invest in a security cam?
4	My daughter had a little chihuahua pup that we rescued and she had an autoimmune disease.  We had a rough first year, but then it seemed things were good. [SEP] So, the pup is healthy and  situated now? [SEP] Well, we made it 6 years and then she got pancreatitis.  She recovered from that but then we noticed her being really sleepy.  Turns out her body had started destroying her red blood cells, we tried for a few weeks to help her, but ultimately there was nothing more we could do.  I still think about her daily.	Well, we made it 6 years and then she got pancreatitis.  She recovered from that but then we noticed her being really sleepy.  Turns out her body had started destroying her red blood cells, we tried for a few weeks to help her, but ultimately there was nothing more we could do.  I still think about her daily.	I'm sorry to hear that RIP doggo.   I have a rescue that's middle aged now. 
0	I was so nervous taking my dog to the vet today... [SEP] Oh lord, I hate the vets! What happened? [SEP] He had an infection in his eye and had to get medicine.  I was just scared because I had a dog go blind before.	He had an infection in his eye and had to get medicine.  I was just scared because I had a dog go blind before.	Oh man! You know some meds can cause that. Look in too Similasan. They have one that prevents cataracts etc. Expensive ingredients but some are the some from people and dog meds for cataracts/dry eye etc.
1	My friend was scheduled to work with me the other day and I was really excited. [SEP] I bet, its always nice to get a chance to work with someone you really like.  Where do you work? [SEP] I'm a firefighter, but when I got there, they had shipped him somewhere else so that sucked.	I'm a firefighter, but when I got there, they had shipped him somewhere else so that sucked.	That does suck.  I work at Taco Bell making burritos.
1	Someone spread rumor about my hubby. [SEP] That's terrible. Did you guys clear that out? [SEP] Yeah, but I didn't believe them. he loves me more than anyone in this world. 	Yeah, but I didn't believe them. he loves me more than anyone in this world. 	People must have no lives to want to spread rumors like that.
6	I had a fun weekend planned with my best friend' [SEP] That sounds nice, what did you do? [SEP] Nothing. I;m not going	Nothing. I;m not going	Oh, did something happen?
6	I'm thinking about owning my first home.	I'm thinking about owning my first home.	That's awesome! Is something holding you back?
2	I was disappointed in the new Mario Tennis game, but it was not the biggest letdown [SEP] Sorry, I have not played it myself.  [SEP] Good for you, usually Nintendo does a great job	Good for you, usually Nintendo does a great job	Yes, they do. I do love Mario Kart! I would expect the same excellence from all their games. I hope you have other games that you really enjoy.
1	I'm pregnant but wasn't able to have a baby shower but all my friends and family sent us nice little gifts.... It was such a nice thing of them to do [SEP] That was very nice. Why couldn't you have a baby shower? [SEP] I moved to a different state and wasn't able to make it back to my home state :( but it was nice	I moved to a different state and wasn't able to make it back to my home state :( but it was nice	Yes, that is nice. A baby shower, just without the people. Still great!
5	I'm really pleased with myself! I've worked really hard lately and I was able to pay cash for all new kitchen appliances!	I'm really pleased with myself! I've worked really hard lately and I was able to pay cash for all new kitchen appliances!	That something which you should be proud of.
3	I was thankful my brother helped me move. It was needed	I was thankful my brother helped me move. It was needed	Its hard to find people to help move.
4	Lately, I've been thinking a lot about my grandmother. She passed away recently.	Lately, I've been thinking a lot about my grandmother. She passed away recently.	I'm sorry for your loss.
2	I was completely devastated when i heard my father died in car accident [SEP] Oh no I'm so sorry to hear that [SEP] my life took different direction from then onwards!!	my life took different direction from then onwards!!	I bet, stay strong!
2	I always play the lotto, but I got a good feeling about tonight! [SEP] Yeah! Did you pick your lucky numbers? [SEP] Oh yea, all 1000 of them!	Oh yea, all 1000 of them!	Nice! I hope you win!
0	Today was my one day to sleep in, and I got woken up early by the construction workers making noise early this morning [SEP] Gee, that's no fun. I hope it wasn't too early? There are usually laws about making noise early in the morning. [SEP] They started hammering away at 7am.  I think I am going to call their boss and complain.  Maybe ill call him tomorrow at 7am	They started hammering away at 7am.  I think I am going to call their boss and complain.  Maybe ill call him tomorrow at 7am	Yes, that's a good idea. I think 7am is way too early for that.
1	I saw a girl propose to her boyfriend.	I saw a girl propose to her boyfriend.	That is so exciting and different.
8	I was walking alone one night and a puppy started following me. It was so cute. I didnt know what to do." [SEP] did he go home with you? [SEP] No, I abandoned it. Terrible.	No, I abandoned it. Terrible.	boo. poor pupper
3	I was keeping my savings at home in safe. My house was recently robbed. The safe is gone also. [SEP] Oh no! Did you have any sort of security cameras to see who did it? [SEP] They were hidden their faces and wearing gloves. I don't think that the police will be to find them. I feel totally destroyed.	They were hidden their faces and wearing gloves. I don't think that the police will be to find them. I feel totally destroyed.	That's horrible. I hope you can find a way to recoup what was lost quickly and move on.
6	I'm looking forward to the new Mexican restaurant.	I'm looking forward to the new Mexican restaurant.	O that sounds delicious, any idea what you'll get?
0	Tonight was the night I was gonna get some rest. [SEP] is there still a chance to get any?? [SEP] Not much. My kids are refusing to sleep. I am at my wits end	Not much. My kids are refusing to sleep. I am at my wits end	oh my gosh,  kids refuse to sleep, i feel like i kind of do that as an adult too though
1	A friend of mine recently had their bathroom remodeled, and it made me feel like mine looks terrible by comparison.	A friend of mine recently had their bathroom remodeled, and it made me feel like mine looks terrible by comparison.	That's reasonable considering how new stuff always looks great and how more fancy stuff may be available and cheap compared to when you made yours.
1	I have always been a laid back person. I never get too worried about anything. [SEP] It's a good attitude, it keeps you young [SEP] Yeah, I just don't let things bother me and am just a generally happy person.	Yeah, I just don't let things bother me and am just a generally happy person.	keep like this ... happy
0	Wasn't able to register for one of the classes I need to be on track to graduate in my last year of college. Have to contact the school and see if they'll be able to make an exception and squeeze me into a full class, or I don't know what I'll do.	Wasn't able to register for one of the classes I need to be on track to graduate in my last year of college. Have to contact the school and see if they'll be able to make an exception and squeeze me into a full class, or I don't know what I'll do.	That is scary, I was in that position before, I do not know why they make it so difficult
0	This weekend was very stressful at work, but I have been able to relax during the weekend and read good books.	This weekend was very stressful at work, but I have been able to relax during the weekend and read good books.	That is good, reading always relaxes me too.
1	I'm afraid of heights, but love riding roller coasters. [SEP] Wow, yeah I can relate. Being really high up is terrifying, but at least on a roller coaster it is only for a really short and fast period of time!  [SEP] Yeah, I remember going to my first theme park. My friends begged me to get on roller coasters and I wouldn't. I finally did and ended up liking it. 	Yeah, I remember going to my first theme park. My friends begged me to get on roller coasters and I wouldn't. I finally did and ended up liking it. 	Haha, yeah that is great! I am glad you enjoyed the thrill of riding one :)
0	My wife went to her Mom's place. so bored without her	My wife went to her Mom's place. so bored without her	I can understand that. My husband went to a friends to work on his car. I'm home with 5 kids!
5	I remember when my mom used to make me brownies.	I remember when my mom used to make me brownies.	That should be delicious.
1	Last night I just felt like a couch potato and watched some movies.	Last night I just felt like a couch potato and watched some movies.	That sounds relaxing! What did you watch
7	I felt very confident when I aced my job interview for my current job	I felt very confident when I aced my job interview for my current job	Thats good. One should always appreciate family.
1	I stole candy from the store when I was a kid. I still think of it to this day. [SEP] Why did you feel like you needed to steal candy? [SEP] I just wanted something sweet. Looking back on it, it wasn't really worth it lol	I just wanted something sweet. Looking back on it, it wasn't really worth it lol	Stealing very rarely is worth it, that doesn't stop people from doing it.
7	I had a big presentation at work and I crushed it. I was so prepared! [SEP] That's awesome to hear! [SEP] Yeah it really was great. I  might get  a promotion!	Yeah it really was great. I  might get  a promotion!	That's good news. Congratulations in advance!
1	I haven't seen my girlfriend in awhile. She told me today she was coming to visit me! [SEP] Long distance relationships aren't easy. That's great news to hear. Do you have anything special planned? [SEP] Yes we are going to have a date. I am thinking Disney Land!	Yes we are going to have a date. I am thinking Disney Land!	That sounds like so much fun! I bet you two will have a great time together. 
3	I just wont ever forget the way I felt when I lost my father.  [SEP] im sorry to hear that. how long ago was it? [SEP] it was 10 years ago but it never feels any less 	it was 10 years ago but it never feels any less 	I can only imagine.  i hope it has gotten a little easier for you?
8	I drank wine and ate my favorite dish after a long time since I came from my tour	I drank wine and ate my favorite dish after a long time since I came from my tour	I imagine that was a pleasure that was simple at one time, but one you really appreciated when you came back. Thanks for your service!
6	My birthday is coming up next week.	My birthday is coming up next week.	happy birthday! What year is it?
7	So sad that my dog passed away. [SEP] Awe.. I'm sorry.   I know how you must feel. I've got a dog myself. [SEP] He had a long battle with cancer, it was rough. [SEP] Attleast the suffering is over. [SEP] You're right but I'll miss him jumping on me. [SEP] Are you going to get another doggo? [SEP] I am I believe, once my moms ready, she is very sad.	I am I believe, once my moms ready, she is very sad.	Time heals all wounds.
1	I met up with old school friends the other day. It was for the first time in about 15 years [SEP] That must have been exciting.  [SEP] It was lovely	It was lovely	I am very happy for you.
7	My friend used to not be very active. Now she does triathlons!	My friend used to not be very active. Now she does triathlons!	Wow I wish I could make a change like that!
0	we have been getting in a lot of christmas freight over the last couple of months at my store, it always brings back a lot of memories of the good old times [SEP] I know, Christmas was the best when we were children. Now that were adults it's not as exciting. [SEP] i know its not that exciting , but sometimes i just dwell on the past , and it brings a smile to my face	i know its not that exciting , but sometimes i just dwell on the past , and it brings a smile to my face	Yeah, I used to love waking up in the morning and run downstairs to open my presents.
0	I'm jealous of my neighbor's new pool, it looks like they are having a blast with it. [SEP] Hmmm. Have you asked to go over for a dip? He never said you couldn't come over and partake in the fun! [SEP] Yeah, me and wife swam in it last weekend, it would be nice to jump in every day after work!	Yeah, me and wife swam in it last weekend, it would be nice to jump in every day after work!	I am sure! Please let him know that I am game to come over for a pool party!
2	The high school I went to is being torn down for a condo	The high school I went to is being torn down for a condo	I bet that is kind of sad to see it go.
2	I am super pumped for the new super smash bros, I hope it is as great as it looks [SEP] I'm looking forward to it too! I remember playing Smash on the N64. I loved it. [SEP] it was a great game, they have improved every single entry in my opinion!	it was a great game, they have improved every single entry in my opinion!	Sweet. I hope to meet you on the battlefield someday!
8	How was work for you today?  It was long for me.  I got blamed for a report that had bad figures in it.  But I didn't provide those figures or type the report!	How was work for you today?  It was long for me.  I got blamed for a report that had bad figures in it.  But I didn't provide those figures or type the report!	My day was pretty good. I got to work from home and pack for my trip this weekend.
7	I was playing the crane machine today and I won a stuffed animal! [SEP] You must be so happy, what animal? [SEP] It was a cute little bear with flames on it, I was so excited!	It was a cute little bear with flames on it, I was so excited!	That's awesome, I have no luck with those.
2	My can ran away last week. [SEP] Did you mean cat? [SEP] Yes, I'm sorry. I'm just so upset I can barely see to type. I'm beginning to think he isn't coming back.	Yes, I'm sorry. I'm just so upset I can barely see to type. I'm beginning to think he isn't coming back.	Well sometimes cats like to roam around. I hope he comes back soon. I love cats
1	So i finally fully own my car now! [SEP] Congratulations! That is exciting [SEP] so many years of budgeting i even had to sell one of my computers once. [SEP] but it's over now :) what kind of car? [SEP] Honda Pilot 2014 still runs like a dream luckily.	Honda Pilot 2014 still runs like a dream luckily.	that's a good car 
8	My friend bought a winning lottery ticket for $2,500 yesterday. Kind of annoyed since I know he's just going to blow it all on alcohol. I'd prefer if I could have it so I could use it to pay my rent. [SEP] That is way too much money to blow for sure [SEP] Yeah, he goes through money fast because his parents spot him for cash no matter what. I get that it's their money, they can do whatever, and that I should be able to support myself. But it's hard to see people be so careless when I'm struggling over here.	Yeah, he goes through money fast because his parents spot him for cash no matter what. I get that it's their money, they can do whatever, and that I should be able to support myself. But it's hard to see people be so careless when I'm struggling over here.	I feel bad for the parents then
8	Going to get some pizza after work. I love pizza.	Going to get some pizza after work. I love pizza.	I'm eating some pepperoni pizza as I'm typing this.. washing it down with some beer, my kind of Tuesday night
0	I am appreciative of my family, they do a lot for me and help out a lot too [SEP] That's what we called as family. Good that you've good family. [SEP] Thank you, I hope yours is great as well	Thank you, I hope yours is great as well	Yeah! My family is everything to me!
1	"I have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! I'm 30 pounds down! [SEP] oh thats awesome [SEP] Yeah, I've never been able to lose weight this well and I've tried so many things.  	Yeah, I've never been able to lose weight this well and I've tried so many things.  	keep it up!
7	I think I did very good at my interview. I hope they call me back!	I think I did very good at my interview. I hope they call me back!	Good luck. That's always nerve racking waiting for them to call. I'm sure you did well though.
7	I recently found out my wife is pregnant.	I recently found out my wife is pregnant.	Congratulations. We have a boy on the way. 3 months to go!
2	I am going to my first haunted house this October! I don't know why I feel so scarred! [SEP] Ha, that will be fun though [SEP] I hope so because as of right now, I feel like a chicken!	I hope so because as of right now, I feel like a chicken!	Ha, I bet it will be fine
8	"I am so proud about myself. I just got promoted at my firm. [SEP] Good job! I am sure that took a lot of hard work! [SEP] You have no idea. I have been waiting 3 years for that promotion.	You have no idea. I have been waiting 3 years for that promotion.	I am sure that was stressful that whole time
