6	will you miss him?
2	i bet that will be fun
0	exactly, it doesnt happen very often
5	maybe she will let you borrow it.
8	i would be the same if i had a niece
1	wow i love maths, that sounds great i am so happy
2	i hope she heals quickly.
0	me too... those are my favorite type of movies
2	i hope you have lots of fun!
7	congratulations.
3	hopefully they'll invite you in the future.
5	if you work hard enough maybe you can afford in the future!
8	ah that makes sense, i love snow myself, but to each their own!
0	that's absolutely disgusting!
6	what do you drive?
4	i am sorry to hear that.
2	i hope that her sickness hasn't been too taxing on you.
8	hurt my pride, but it's okay.
5	maybe after he works there for a bit, he can put in a good word for you.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
5	or maybe government services?
1	i bet you were a little embarrassed.
6	were either of them injured?
3	sleep is so important before an exam, that's where all your facts and memories get better organized
8	i have had family members pass as well and it is never easy.
8	yea it reminds me of a time i took a risk on an investment.
1	nice!
3	i hope your dog gets better
3	it will get better with time.
8	i wish everyone was that lucky.
8	but still, i think homework is a little excessive.
6	have you had a juicy flatulence experience?
3	well i hope you have a good time!
6	oh, what is the race?
8	oh god, i've done many things but that is actually one i have not done.
7	good luck with your ticket!
3	i hope things get better for you
0	i understand.. i wish life could be eaiser!
3	i hope you can find a solution that works for you!
1	sounds like it was fun to catch up.
5	maybe you should try making some again
5	maybe you can find a new hobby for the weekends.
2	i really, really hope it works out for you guys!
5	maybe they will take the hint?
5	maybe that would help?
2	yeah i am happy for you, i hope things go well.
0	i know i would.
3	well, hopefully he'll learn to be a better person someday, or eventually his actions will come back to haunt him.
0	i know i hear you... maybe one day we will win the lotto.
7	i wish you the best in dealing with this.
2	i hope you ace that test!
1	oh how nice!
2	i bet you'll have a great time
8	i had to do a long drive from nebraska to colorado this summer.
5	haha, you could have played it off as cute and clumsy and maybe they would have been into it
6	that is amazing, what breed was it?
0	i understand.
8	good have ended a lot worse if that gas station wasn't there.
3	i hope that you are feeling less alone now.
8	who did he bit
2	hopefully you can pay him back in some way!
6	did you ask for another one?
3	hopefully you can get it dismissed.
2	i hope the movie lived up to your expectations.
5	maybe that was the case
8	you have to find the person who did this.then you should made the mess to clean it up
3	i hope it recognizes you after some time together.
6	what else do you see besides lioins?
6	was she mad?
8	while other teenagers were thieving i was being a very good little girl!
7	congratulations!
4	ohh i am so sorry.
7	congratulations on the strong marriage and car!
4	sorry to hear that.
3	they are, i hope yours behaves better in time
2	well hopefully it doesn't rain or anything.
0	i spent $50 on groceries i didn't exactly need.
2	i hope you get it.
0	that is even better i know how you feel i lost my grand pa and he was everything to me i miss him dearly.
4	i'm sorry to hear that you don't have enough money for food, but stealing isn't the answer!
2	i hope that business goes well!
4	i'm sorry that happened.
6	so you have to do the whole process with the passport over again?
7	good luck!
6	anything you have to say though?
2	i bet you'll find something good
7	all the best for your exams!
3	i hope things get easier for you over time.
4	sorry to hear that!
4	i'm sorry you're having to go through that, i hope you're able to sell the home for a better price.
4	aw i am so sorry to hear of your dogs passing.
3	well i hope your wants come to fruition .
8	my parents had difficulties conceiving as well.
3	i know it is hard but every day will get better.
6	how long did you have yours
3	i hope you find him soon.
1	that sounds really childish of him lol
5	could you perhaps join them for a couple of days?
4	aw i'm sorry.
0	i know how that is.
0	i know quite a few people that live their lives that way.
7	good luck!
3	that's good to hear, i hope he feels and gets better
8	strange the receptionist did that.
4	omg that is so scary, i am so sorry to hear that.
1	you need to keep a cool head though, try doing some sports to relax your mind.
0	right me either.
4	oh i am sorry to hear that... do you have plans on trying again?
3	hopefully insurance will take care of it.
8	she came back hungry, but she was fine.
5	maybe you should go see a counselor for help.
3	i hope it works out for you.
3	hopefully there isn't a mess to clean up when you get back.
5	that is no good, but maybe he deserved it.
0	me too, he's so real.
3	hopefully it won't be anything too serious and more cut and dry decision.
5	i'm sorry but maybe something came up for her that's a little personal?
5	yea, maybe you can find an alternative.
7	congratulations, you must be very proud.
0	i know it does i am right in fl!
8	alone time is important but you will go crazy if you are always alone.
3	oh gosh yeah be careful...i hope it stops raining soon :(
2	i hope you get a good start.
7	that's sad, well, happy birthday!
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
1	i would be too.
7	wow, congratulations!
5	maybe the booger eaters are on to something.
5	maybe you should lay out some bait, he has to get hungry sometime.
5	you could always try sushi bowls.
2	hopefully, you've got a new friend.
7	congratulations.
1	that's awesome that you had such a great support network to help you.
1	that sounds sad.
7	well happy birthday!
4	i'm so so sorry to hear that, it can't be easy being in that position.
2	i hope everything is okay.
2	i hope you guys put off a great show.
4	i am sorry to hear that.. is there any physical therapy that can help her?
3	yeah, i hope so!
5	maybe you can renew your vows one day.
3	i hope that doesn't happen.
2	hopefully you can cheer them up a little.
4	i'm sorry.
7	congratulations!
3	hopefully that isn't too big an issue.
6	what is a aardvark?
2	i hope you got it all done eventually!
5	ohh i mean maybe you can go and give it a try and see how he does
6	maybe you can win again sometime?
7	congratulations!
5	maybe he will come back
1	that's a scary thing to happen.
4	im sorry, thats the worst
4	oh i am sorry to hear that, but i am sure there might be an even better one out there for you.
4	i am sorry.
2	i hope you guys let her know how appreciated she is!
5	maybe you can pay them back?
7	good luck!
5	maybe you can post an ad on craigslist.
7	congratulations, that's amazing!
6	can you take out a loan?
4	i am so sorry.
7	congratulations then.
0	i can agree with that, adulting sucks
8	i didn't understand you.
8	i wish my dad were still around.
6	did you find the person who did it?
5	maybe you'll really like the person.
0	i know what you mean.
1	wow thats cool!
5	maybe they had a crazy night and had no time to shower?
0	i know that feeling, good for you!
5	oh that is a bummer, maybe you can around work as it's worth it :)
2	i hope so.
7	congratulations!
6	the british version of the u.s. version?
2	i hope she is careful with it.
3	wow, that is unfortunate, i hope you are okay financially...
8	i've had that done before.
6	so the cancellation of beverly hillbillies took a toll on your health?
3	yeah, hopefully your still looking for another internship.
8	its ok, you can always make new memories, it will not replace what you have lost, but it is a start
8	i just miss the energy i had from when i was younger.
4	i'm sorry about your cat and i hope you know you gave it a good life!
2	if you're going with someone special, i hope you guys both enjoy your time there
1	haha that sounds just like my husband!
7	congratulations.
6	did you have a lot of input?
7	congratulations!
7	good luck!
5	i think you should complain to hr.
4	oh gosh, i'm sorry to hear that.
8	but i'm sure it will fade from memory eventually.
2	hopefully you won't have to take an additional physics course in the future!
2	i hope you guys are really happy!
8	i always feel bad when people have a hard time conceiving because it was so easy for me.
7	congratulations!
7	congratulations.
1	you sound like a very faithful and loyal person!
8	that must of hurt even if it didn't break.
7	congratulations on your children
4	so sorry to hear that.
7	happy birthday!
0	me too.
1	that's pretty bleak.
2	i hope your trip goes smoothly!
6	how sad that it's ending before i even got to watch it!
4	i am sorry, are they very mean or abusive?
5	maybe we are ghosts.
5	well, you could always have left.
3	hopefully you can recover.
3	sorry, i hope they apologized for that
1	thats awesome!
5	maybe she will go easy on you, if this isn't something you do often.
3	i hope that you get well soon and that the tests come back okay!
5	maybe an airhorn or something would spook him off.
1	that does sound like fun
8	i'm in college but my parents live only a couple hours away, so i just visit them instead, since them coming to me wouldnt be anything too special.
6	was there cake?
7	congratulations!
7	well i wish you the best of luck and hope it goes well!
2	i hope it isn't anything serious.
2	i hope you have a good time.
4	really sorry to be slow to respond.
1	that would be really scary!!
3	i hope they get moved in so they stop bothering you.
6	are you currently saving up?
5	maybe selling parts of your body, like plasma?
8	it is very difficult, but i've see marriages recover from that position - but it takes years to build up that trust again properly.
8	oh, my dad use to play with those all the time when we were young and he'd let us touch them!
6	maybe you and the other tenets can lobby for additional parking somehow?
5	maybe you should try to get out more?
6	what happened then
5	maybe one of your friends could help you out.
8	oh, thank god you were escape you have to thank god for doing great things
7	good luck and don't stress too much.
8	lucky you , i was bit a few times but it was my fault i provoked the dogs
2	i hope you're able to save a lot and have good financial security.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
5	maybe you can try getting him into rehab, i hear it's hard for someone to stop once they start.
1	sometimes it is nice to look back.
8	it was a different kind of superhero movie.
5	maybe go to the park too and meet people there.
8	that was the right move!
3	well, i hope you get that all sorted out!
4	i'm sorry, you must miss them a lot if you don't see them as much as you used to.
7	congratulations!
2	i hope you have a great experience.
2	i hope it keeps staying that way
3	i hope they really like each other.
8	that didn't go well then.
2	i hope he does.
7	congratulations!
0	oh yes, i know what you are saying.
0	i know that is a tough thing.
3	i hope he stops soon.
8	i've heard great things about reddit but have never actually signed up myself!
0	i agree, hot chicken soup is the way to go.
3	i hope it goes well, are you sick?
5	that's always rough, maybe she didn't hear you?
4	oh no, i'm sorry to hear that.
0	it does i agree!
3	hopefully that will be the last one you run over.
3	oh no, i hope you pardon them.
2	i hope he says yes!
3	i hope they caught the person who almost hit you.
2	hope it all works out for you.
6	did you at least get it back?
8	thats a lot of miles, but they make cars good these days.
3	i hope you can also visit her there if you get the chance!
1	that's awesome!
4	oh haha sorry i misread that!
0	i understand completely.
5	maybe you can win again sometime?
2	that's awesome, i hope he enjoys it too!
7	well happy birthday.
7	good luck
1	i'd be furious if i witnessed such a thing too.
6	where did you move too?
7	good luck with everything!
4	i'm so sorry.
6	did you work hard in that project?
0	not i know to be weary.
0	i have two older brothers, so i know how that is.
7	i hope so - good luck
2	i hope she's successful.
1	oh, i see.
6	ooh, did you pick your own numbers?
3	well, i hope you feel better and get some rest.
1	cabin sounds really cozy.
5	maybe get a new puppy to start loving/sharing life with, shelters have so many dogs that need homes!
4	i'm sorry you don't have someone to eat donuts with.
6	did she have the baby?
7	good luck!
1	i would be too, congratulations
3	well i hope you two can talk it out, express your feelings and work it out together!
6	yeah but maybe we'll fall in love instead?
8	that is amazing that it was not torn down or remodeled.
2	i hope no one surprises me with a party though.. too shy of a nerd for that.
1	if you accept it you can enjoy taking a nice vacation that you otherwise wouldn't be able to afford.
8	at lease it wasn't a power outage though.
3	i hope the doctor can give you some treatment options.
8	i've actually never been to a casino but would love to.
1	wow that's such an awesome surprise!
3	i hope she went to a good home.
7	wow, congratulations!
1	that is great news to hear!
8	it's like that feeling when you hit a bump on the road but 100x worse!
5	maybe she will.
5	well i hope everything turned out ok. maybe you can send a friend to check your door.
6	did you go to the doctor?
8	or were they just better concealed
8	that had to be so embarrassing!
1	i bet that was fun
3	i hope her makes it before the end of the day and you get your package.
0	i know exactly what you mean!
3	i hope you are okay :(
2	i hope your dog is found safe.
4	oh i am sorry to hear that, how old was it?
0	you wouldn't believe that's happened to me too!
0	that is definitely risky.
1	that is very nice to have around, what kind of food
1	that is so nice!
8	if i had a chance to rescue an animal, i would totally do it.
0	me too, i am very lucky to have moved.
0	me too!
7	congratulations!
0	i understand it is usually hard moving to a new city leaving some many people and placed behind
6	why is that?
2	i hope you will meet your true love soon!
2	i hope you have as much fun as he does!
4	:/ i'm sorry you're missing her.
8	i'm sure you had a good reason.
2	i hope it's not contagious!
3	my apartment won't allow, but we are moving soon i hope to get a cat.
7	congratulations!
5	hopefully he can take constructive criticism, i think more people should be open to that.
5	you could always watch it online!
7	well good luck and i hope you have a great time with your friends and school
6	did you get hurt?
0	oh, well i'm sorry, that is definitely an unpleasant valentine's day.
5	tell me more about it - maybe it will be something my girls will like also.
1	i bet that night was fun!
6	cool, what's truffle oil got to do with mac and cheese?
6	did you guys celebrate?
5	maybe retirement!
7	good luck!
5	maybe you can borrow them?
4	i'm sorry to hear that, i know what it's like to have your love stolen from you.
2	nice, i hope you have a great time at the party!
0	i know that's gonna to be a terrible loss for the family.
2	i hope so.
8	this is very true, but would you want to be bugged by people all the time.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
6	have you spoke to them about it?
3	hopefully something good is right around the corner!
7	wishing you all the best!
6	do you love her lots?
2	oh i hope she starts feeling better soon!
1	oh that is freaking awesome!
3	i hope they turned out well.
1	i bet you were terrified!
2	oh that sounds great, i hope you get it!
2	i hope you get a raise soon
2	i hope he keeps it up!
2	well i hope you are okay?
6	do you know what breed?
7	congratulations!
4	sorry to hear that.
3	i hope you guys can work it out.
6	why?
0	i completely understand.
7	i wish you have better luck next time.
4	i am so sorry to hear about that.
4	i'm sorry for you loss.
1	nice, i met the one 6 years ago i was 25
0	thats a strong woman , i know of people that dont work at all a refuse to pay child support , in my eyes they are not men
8	if you guys moved on from it then it was a great learning opportunity!
8	i once was bitten by a snake, luckily it had no venom.
2	i hope it's a baby!!!!
4	sorry to hear that.
2	i hope she comes back soon for your sake!
2	that's great i hope you get it!
4	oh im so sorry to hear that
0	exactly
4	im sorry to hear that
1	awesome!
4	sorry.
4	i am sorry to hear that.i am sure he is in a better place.
3	i hope you're able to work through this somehow.
1	it sounds like it may have been a box turtle.
2	stay positive i hope things will work out.
8	i'm not celiac, but i just eat whole food plant based.
3	i hope that you will do well.
0	i know.
4	sorry to hear that.
8	but its like hands off!
6	was it a komodo dragon?
0	me too!
4	i am so sorry.
6	will you explain it to them?
8	i also have a dog that was starved when she was young!
6	are you quitting your job?
5	well maybe you can reschedule and do something even more fun
5	maybe you can talk yourself out of it?
7	congratulations, i'm glad to hear you've been able to accomplish that for yourself.
5	maybe that can help in the future.
7	happy birthday to you!
0	me too, maybe our wish will come true only time will tell.
2	i hope you recover really quick!
0	me either i love adventure movies!
0	i understand.
6	do you think they are going to call it quits?
6	who is that guy?
1	nevermind being embarassed i would have been mad and hungry!
5	maybe the baby is feeling you :) and knows that you two are related
5	but maybe they were busy and just didn't notice- which is goo!
1	sounds like a great plan
0	definitely not a sucker!
7	congratulations!!!
1	awesome.
6	did you guys reconnect?
0	i agree, nothing like seeing them smile and have fun!
2	i hope you do too.
4	sorry to say.
6	did you have to go to the hospital to get stitches or anything like that?
0	i wouldn't let it bother you even though i know thats easier said than done.
6	was that in the united states or somewhere else?
0	i completely understand.
0	i know the feeling, it makes you wish time would slow down
5	that's terrible maybe getting out of the house and checking out our yard sale will cheer you up.
4	i am very sorry to hear that.
7	congratulations!
7	i wish you a lot of luck, and try not to let it get the best of you ( way easy to say... way hard to actually do.
2	hopefully the pizza is just like you remember!
4	i'm sorry for your loss.
3	i hope everything goes okay!
0	you're the first person i know that has an xperia
6	what?
3	that sucks, i hope you win next time!
7	wow, congratulations to him!
2	but i hope it will come out soon!
6	i need some food, any suggestions?
0	yeah, i understand what you mean.
2	i hope he is okay.
3	i hope you start to feel better, though.
0	it's hard to lose them i know.
6	how long had it been since you had seen him?
0	i know that feeling.
5	maybe you can find a show similar to it to watch.
5	maybe its time to save up for your own dream car?
6	s it because they are getting bigger?
5	maybe you could toss me a few recipes for recently deceased goldfish?
7	congratulations!
1	nice!
8	but it will happen.
6	what thread count did you go with?
4	i'm sorry that happened.
8	i didnt even know there was a dove season.
5	maybe you can talk to your dad about it.
1	that's sounds like a lot of fun!
5	oh well maybe you'll get your blessings in a different way you didn't expect
6	what makes you reluctant?
8	i can imagine because becoming a mother was the best time in my life!
4	i am so sorry.
3	hopefully next time.
1	wow that's pretty bad parenting.
8	i am bad with anxiety too but if you haven't done anything wrong then all you can do is try to have some self confidence and prepare for the worst and hope for the best.
0	you definitely will trust me
5	yikes, maybe it's time to switch banks
3	well, hopefully he lived a good and happy life.
5	maybe you should sneak over and mow it for him when he isn't home.
6	how do they take advantage of you?
1	that sounds so sweet.
8	that's impressive but, 45 mags are rare.
6	what was the prize?
6	may a change of jobs?
3	and i hope you have moments of joy while you prepare for that?
1	oh that does sound terrible.
5	or perhaps you just need a simple routine change, with some exercise and more time outside.
6	does it still work?
0	i know what you mean.
8	i did attend college, but i am one of those statistics you hear about....a dropout.
0	hjow do you put up with it , i know i could not do it.
4	i'm sorry!
2	i hope you enjoy your home for many years to come.
2	well i hope that you two have a bunch of fun.
6	definitely both of you :) maybe go to an ice cream parlor or a spa?
4	i am so sorry.
7	good luck
1	sounds super gross!
4	i'm so sorry!
2	i hope you're well prepared!
8	friends in florida had to evacuate.
7	congratulations!
3	i hope she grows out of it eventually.
4	im sorry to hear that, is he going to the doctor for help?
1	that is awesome!
7	congratulations on your new job!
5	maybe you should mention that you just want a "guy's night" and he would get the hint?
6	was it good?
3	you can take out a loan, but good luck, i hope you get it!
8	many thought that way, but he actually delivered on his promises
5	maybe you should go ahead and find a new job where you will be appreciated.
5	well i think she should be the one to get you out of it!
6	oh no :( did you take him to the vet?
0	i agree with that.
7	woo good luck!
4	i'm sorry that happened to you.
6	what was a snake doing there?
1	wow that's pretty ballsy nice job!
3	that is awesome who is your favorite author hopefully you can meet that person now.
4	i am sorry bout you being cut though.
0	i know right.
1	that's great, the first time for everything is scary.
1	oh that's pretty cool...is it full grown or still a baby
2	i hope you have fun.
1	that's great!
5	maybe you will see something in the news in the next day or so.
0	me too.
4	i"m so sorry to hear that.
4	i'm so sorry, you must feel terrible.
7	well, congratulations.
4	oh, i'm sorry to hear that.
1	that's really nice!
5	i think you should get out and explore.
8	that's an odd day to be paid, but good for you!
6	how are you holding up?
7	congratulations that.
6	do you have any plans for today?
0	i so agree.
8	as a matter of fact my friend asked me help him move recently , but i was busy at work too he understood
6	does he want to try to take it professional and be in an orchestra or does he not know yet?
2	i hope everything goes smoothly.
4	oh, well i am still sorry for your loss
0	i know that feeling
0	yeah i know what you mean.
2	i hope the house warming party is banging.
0	i know your mom would use you!
2	i hope you all have a wonderful time
7	good luck!
3	i hope you will be able to heal from this.
2	i hope it goes well!
4	sorry to hear that!
5	maybe tell him how you feel about that.
7	oh congratulations, you must be smart!
5	ah, maybe i need to check it out
0	ah yes, i know that feeling.
6	did they choose to switch themselves or was it out of their control?
1	what a nice gesture!
2	i hope they are as well.
1	so, that's great you don't!
7	good i wish him all the best!
0	i agree!
1	that's nice that you have someone you can trust like that.
5	that's a lofty goal, but if you work hard maybe you can achieve it.
4	sorry :(
2	i hope it's a good year for our favorite teams.
1	i would be so jealous too!
1	well, something must have gone wrong somehow, i think you should talk to your vet doctor
3	i hope she is feeling better, and you are too!
8	it could take awhile but im sure he will make enough to pay you back.
2	well hopefully you do well on it.
2	excellent, hopefully you will share some of your wealth with me.
2	well i hope that you do well on that exam!
6	did you tell the manager?
7	good luck!
7	congratulations on passing your test.
2	i hope it works out for you!
5	who knows maybe he is a pervert
1	that sucks, i hate when that happens!
6	where from?
5	maybe you should invest in a security cam?
7	congratulations on getting it all paid off, your wallet is gonna thank you!
2	i hope it continues!
8	i can't imagine the results had you not been able to get to them quick enough!
3	i hope they can fix your glasses.
4	aw, i'm sorry you didn't win.
3	i hope you can work things out without too much drama.
4	i am sorry that happened to you but please forgive him.
6	praying won't do anything, but did you study well?
2	oh dear, i hope everything works out.
2	he deserves it, i hope he is going to the college that he wants to go to, all that hard work should pay off for him!
7	i wish you the best of luck in outdoorsman school.
5	maybe he will move closer to you soon.
5	maybe you don't need to take a side and try to work for peace.
3	hopefully the more you warm up to the new job, it will become easier.
1	thats awesome.
2	i hope it is true though
5	i think you'll be happy later on not having to wonder "what if."
7	good luck with your new position.
2	i bet you'll have a little extra power now
6	whats the next step for her?
0	enjoy your day off, i definitely would if i were you!
8	i wasn't too upset haha
2	well, hopefully you will enjoy it while you are here!
2	i bet you will!
7	i wish you can achieve success in your projects.
0	i agree 100%, you make a commitment , should stick too it
5	maybe you can treat him to lunch for the rest of the week for taking the fall for you.
2	i hope that it goes well!
5	maybe you can get out and meet some new people?
7	i wish you the most success!
3	i hope there isn't any tension between you and your friend.
1	omg, sounds creepy
5	oh so maybe you will leave some coal on their doorstep instead.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
7	oh congratulations!
5	maybe laxatives to make him really go!
7	congratulations and thats ok i do that a lot too.
6	how could you let him drive
0	i know one has to earn trust.
5	maybe she can help you and guide you step by step
2	i hope you aren't too lonely!
6	why were you scared?
6	how did that feel?
3	i hope it's not game of thorns?
6	how long have you been together?
8	it was many years of work.
4	i am sorry to hear that.
2	i'm happy for you, i hope everything continues to work out!
3	i hope you get good news on friday!
8	i'm sure you did great.
7	congratulations to both her and you!
3	that is awesome, hopefully yall can continue your relationship
5	i agree, but maybe you should be a little less aggressive
8	oh no :( it happens though, it wasn't your fault!
7	oh congratulations!
7	good luck for this weekend.
6	what happened that made you feel that way?
1	that sounds wonderful.
4	i'm sorry, maybe a nose plug would come in handy
6	how were the local people?
0	mine cheated on me too.
1	that would be a nice surprise, now you need not go buy any hangers
7	i mean it still pretty cool you won, congratulations
0	that is absolutely amazing!
3	i hope it's just something you're eating.
0	yes, i agree.
3	i hope that never happens again.
1	it's nice to have someone who can help you always, i'm pretty sure she loves having you by her side always
3	i hope not.
0	you should definitely call them
4	sorry about your shoes.
7	wow, heard that is a tough test, good luck and i'm sure you are prepared.
4	im sorry, what did happend next?
5	now you are always going to wonder 'what if'?
4	im so sorry to hear that
3	well hopefully something else will come up for you!
8	that was my favorite game ever
8	its always tough in relationships but when you can't go see her or make her talk to you afterwards, i'm sure its extra hard.
7	good luck anyway
2	i bet they will never challenge you again.
0	i bet she knew exactly how it would make you feel, too.
3	now thats more depressing , cheer up you eventually find better friends
0	i know what you mean, i hate job searching.
5	maybe you should see a counselor.
7	congratulations to him.
4	i'm sorry that happened to you.
1	sounds pretty neat!
0	i know the feeling too.
1	awesome, a bird left the nest.
8	happily, a lot of employers seem to be willing to extrapolate that if you had talents in one industry, they'd apply to another.
3	i hope everything goes well!
2	i hope you meet somebody then
7	congratulations!
6	did you wake up with a big bruise?
5	maybe you can look forward to using it as motivation to doing those sorts of things with your kids in the future, if you choose to have them?
0	i understand.
7	good luck, you've got this.
8	i have watched them before but never played.
6	oh no, what did you buy?
7	good luck.
8	i'm sure it was.
6	are you sure it wasn't a 44 magnum?
5	maybe you should take some time to reflect on their life.
2	i hope you catch some cool fish!
1	awesome!
6	who is playing tomorrow ?
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
1	that sucks
3	i hope you get to take breaks to go see your cat on the weekends :(
7	congratulations!
1	that must've been nice.
2	oh cool, i hope it ends up being nice and tasty.
0	oh i know what you mean!
8	but when they're dead and gone you'll miss the pestering so love them for who they are, you're still free to make your own choices.
8	she was studying hospital administration.
6	did you improve
0	i absolutely hate liars.
2	well hopefully you ace it!
2	i hope you enjoy yourself.
2	hopefully it is a great place to eat and we enjoy it!
6	what did you do?
1	that must have really been horrible for her... and you
5	maybe you can pay it forward next time you see someone buying a drink.
6	any particular cuisine in mind?
6	do you get to see her often?
7	congratulations!
4	sorry to hear it's such a hassle enough that you had to do it inside.
4	i'm sorry to hear that happened to you.
6	when my brother had his wedding, we just sat around and played video games
4	aw, i'm sorry.
2	hopefully it will work out.
8	my favorite game was zelda by the way
3	i hope you feel better soon.
8	she was a great woman.
7	good luck!
1	that's great news to hear!
1	that sounds scary.
0	i know what you mean.
8	thats good to know because i had no idea.
8	i lost my wallet once but didn't find money in it when it was returned to me.
3	i hope he is back now.
2	i hope you do!
3	i hope you find him.. he is playing video games and being super lazy
3	i hope this one goes better for her.
6	how old is your gramma ?
2	oh, no i hope you found him and he is ok.
4	i am sorry to hear that.
5	maybe you can try and go fishing with them or something?
7	congratulations!
5	i think i should go again soon.
1	sounds like a great time!
8	those were our favorites  as kids
3	i hope it's worth the wait!
1	it must have been hard not having your friend around for awhile.
3	aww i'm sorry, i hope you atleast got some good relaxing time alone!
1	that sucks, hopefully nothing you can't replace.
6	direction of life swaying you away from your family?
4	sorry to hear that.
8	i don't think i have ever remembered a single friends birthday until facebook was created.
7	happy birthday!
8	the only pizza i have ever had at the gas station was some pizza from 7/11.
4	i feel sorry for you.
8	i was never very good at math in school.
1	they should be nicer!
5	yeah, well maybe you can offer to pay for half of it instead?
5	maybe a career in astro-physics is in your future?
3	i hope you are ok!
3	hopefully they will support you in the future.
8	hoping the beta was okay.
4	i am sorry that you had to go through that.
0	i know what you mean.
4	oh i'm sorry.
8	college was an odd time, people the same age you didn't know that well.
6	did you do anything special while she was there?
3	hopefully you learned something from this.
1	that's awesome.
1	hey that's awesome!
7	i wish you the best!
3	well i hope you find him.
2	hopefully a nice chunk of change :)
1	that's pretty crazy you could of had your money and the care package too
8	i like to make certain recipes my mother made when i was a kid for the same reason.
4	sorry for that!
1	that's great!
6	o yeah what did they teach you?
7	good luck, i hope you win some good money!
0	i agree with you!
8	and at least they didn't try to bust into your home and harm you.
3	i hope you ran, very quickly.
2	you deserved it :) i hope you will get more checks like that
2	they're in there to heal or get better hopefully.
1	sounds like a good friend to have by your side
5	well maybe that wasn't so nice!
0	totally agree.
8	that was also very kind of you husband to do.
3	i hope your toe is feeling better!
6	when do you take it?
8	i have never been there but i have heard that before too.
4	i'm sorry, but i don't envy you...
0	i do agree.
2	i hope it's a good paying job.
1	that is awesome!
1	that sucks!
4	i'm so sorry!
7	oh good luck!
3	hopefully it will go on sale in the future or you can find a coupon!
2	well, i hope you feel better soon!
8	i wish things were better!
6	do you know them well?
0	i know how important that can be!
1	you guys sound like great grand kids, i bet she wholeheartedly appreciated it.
1	thats awesome, good friends are always there for each other.
0	i agree with you there, i do not trust those eastern bloc countries.
4	i am sorry to hear that.
7	congratulations, that sounds like things are moving along at a nice pace.
1	oh that must have been nice.
4	i am sorry that happened, you will find another job
6	what game did you play?
1	awesome!
4	i am sorry to hear that!
1	sounds interesting!
5	maybe having some private time will be a benefit if you look on the brighter side of it.
7	i wish you the best.
7	wow i have always wanted to go to las vegas, good luck and dont gamble all your money haha
5	maybe.
8	who did , tell me more
8	you must be feel a bit guilty, but thats okay
0	you're right, it is so rewarding to stand back and see everything clean once you are done.
0	i agree, we should strive to be like that person.
6	what are you doing next week?
2	glad to hear it, i hope i have a day like that soon.
6	do you like mexican style foods?
2	i bet it will be a blast for you.
4	sorry to hear that, my brother has a drinking problem too, and has kids, i love him but at this point we are more focused on the kids , i tell him if you get locked up who is gonna raise the girls , of course we are but still they need a father
0	i think you definitely got your money's worth.
6	why did you broke up?
3	hopefully it isnt for anything horrid like drugs.
8	i am sure they did not mind doing that
0	dang that's a definite mood killer.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
3	i hope it goes smoothly for you.
0	i completely understand
0	i agree with you.
6	?
0	congrats, i know the process my husband did one.
8	you should have placed a bet since you were so confident.
3	hopefully after this project you can get some time off to spend with your family.
6	is it the traffic or driving that gives you anxiety?
8	i wish there was more i could do to help out.
1	maybe make a nice dinner and do the dishes after.
0	i know right!
1	that sounds like a lot of fun.
0	they don't spend money unless they absolutely have to.
3	i hope the person's conscience makes them feel guilty and they come clean about the situation!
5	cousins perhaps
2	i hope they both keep the love for reading and writing!
6	are you pretty bad with math?
0	i hope everything works out for you, i know how hard shut downs can be.
6	did you take good care of it?
2	i hope you perform well on your exam
7	congratulations!
1	wow, that sounds like where i went.
3	well, i hope you do find that special someone, and that the stress at work lets up a bit as well.
5	maybe you should see about signing up to some sort of social group?
7	well, can only wish you luck!
0	i know it's very expensive to replace that part, so i'm sure you are relieved.
3	hopefully, you won't make the same mistake next time.
2	i hope it's paid too.
0	yes i agree.
0	we definitely have to trust our husbands to look after the little ones without us.
2	to hopefully see your kids doing better than you and all that jazz.
6	why didn't you finish?
0	i'd definitely check out what you can do!
6	oh no i'm sorry about that, do you have any family that can help?
3	i hate when that happens... hopefully your computers holds on a little longer for it to go back down
6	thats cool, what kind of camera do you have?
6	netflix?
4	im sorry
0	i've lost both of mine, i know how you feel.
0	most people i know would be too embarrassed or self-conscious to enjoy them, and they'd feel uncomfortable.
0	ah i understand now
7	thats awesome, congratulations for sure
5	well you could always pick up a new hobby!
0	i'd definitely agree to that.
2	i bet he knows you and what you like well and it will be great.
1	its nice to have another to lean on when it happened
0	i know the feeling.
8	hope something horrible didn't happen to you just to get it.
1	that is so scary, i am glad that you are okay!
8	it sure was.
8	i have in real life friends , and a regular job , but because of back problems and sciatica ive made many friends online i consider to be like brothers social media has let me make relationships while in bed lol
6	i know right?
3	i hope things get better for you.
4	i feel sorry for you
3	that's not cool, i hope you find someone new.
7	congratulations!
8	not that long to wait, but better be careful in the meantime so you won't be left somewhere far from help.
1	you guys must have a good relationship.
3	i hope it starts to not hurt so much.
4	i'm sorry to hear that you couldn't finish it!
5	otherwise perhaps you could see a financial adviser.
2	hopefully they made a taping of it for you to have.
4	sorry about that,you might think of moving to somewhere more safe.
1	and also very nice of your sister.
2	i hope your insurance does too!
5	maybe she has too much on her plate?
4	i am sorry to hear that.
3	hopefully not!
5	maybe next time you can just ask her.
7	good, i wish you the best of luck with it, may you find love!
4	oh, i am sorry to hear that
0	have fun this weekend...i know you will!
1	well that sounds like fun to me.
3	well hopefully you can go soon
0	i understand that, i don't even like going to the gym, because i feel like people are always watching me and it makes me feel awkward.
6	oh no, is he territorial?
6	did you watch tv?
8	but you survived.
1	that's great!
3	i hope you find someone alot better than her.
2	i hope you get the job
5	maybe there is some way you can motivate him to work harder.
0	i know a guy that kind of gets blackout drunk like that.
2	i hope you do well
1	sounds like a really heartwarming story.
8	i played a lot of video games when i was kid.
5	oh sorry i thought maybe you got a pet.
5	perhaps i can go buy a car on the website one day!
8	well, i guess i was wrong then :p
7	good luck with that.
7	good luck!
1	that sounds so nice.
4	i am sorry to hear that.
3	i hope so, too!
0	me either lol.
4	i'm so sorry, are you okay?
5	oh wow, i would have thought maybe an animal had gotten in
7	good luck!
5	maybe one day ill go , its just the way i was brought up religion was not something my family made me follow
7	congratulations!
6	are there good things?
5	but maybe you can view it as you being more mindful and responsible with your money.
1	thats awesome that it works for you
8	i've tried some of the cheaper virtual reality headsets, but i'm sure they can't compare at all!
7	i wish your cat the best.
5	i do not have that kind of knowledge at all - maybe you could come with me on the next road trip - lol!
6	why not just call him?
2	well, i hope you guys have a good time
7	good luck!
6	a fun secret or one of those sadder ones?
1	that sounds relaxing.
5	am sorry, maybe you should wait until they are restocked
6	thats awesome, were they for school or for fun?
0	i understand that.
7	well i really wish you very good luck with all that
6	had you lent someone some money?
4	i feel sorry for laughing.
5	maybe you could buy more?
7	congratulations!
2	that is good, but if it ever becomes too stressful for you i hope that you are able to talk to your friend about it because there are plenty of alternative ways to get her mother to the hospital.
7	good luck with that then
8	lmao how the heck did that happen
4	sorry hear that.
4	i'm so sorry for your loss!
1	that is going to  be so nice
5	why the feeling nolstalgia maybe ?
7	congratulations that is so awesome to have passed such a intense exam.
7	well congratulations!
3	it is scary to think about, i hope for the best!
5	maybe you can find a new friend!
3	i hope it turns out ok.
4	that's bad i'm sorry :(
0	i know that feeling.
3	i hope.
7	wish y'all the best
6	maybe watch a good comedy?
2	i hope y'all have fun :)
4	i choke easy too, i am sorry!
3	i hope it goes well.
4	i'm so sorry.
4	i'm sorry to hear that he passed away, but i'm glad that you have good memories of him.
6	what do you make best?
5	maybe you should try to hang out with some of your classmates?
4	ok, sorry i didn't know.
1	wow thats great, i hope you are able to do that
4	i am so sorry... what happened?
5	well, maybe you can go real soon.
0	you should definitely do the things you wouldn't normally do with people around!
8	i had braces growing up too, the worst part for me was the molding!
4	sorry about your shirt problem, though.
4	i'm sorry, i don't follow.
3	i hope you still found a great home!
1	i'd have been nervous too.
1	i love true crime, so i think that would be such a fun thing to study
5	maybe you can invite someone every now and then, like a neighbor or someone you trust.
2	i hope you keep being friends forever!
1	i imagine is very nice working from home.
5	me too, maybe our wish will come true only time will tell.
2	thats awesome, i hope you win!
5	maybe it was because you saw your brother get attacked by one and you are scared it might happen to you.
4	oooh, sorry, that must have been embarrassing
2	i hope that it stays in remission.
5	i bet you will make a great bartender, maybe one of these days you will hook me up with a free drink
6	what is the treatment for it?
7	good luck!
4	ohhh, i am sorry to hear that.
1	hopefully you didn't have any electronics with you... that would be my worst nightmare!
7	that was very nice of them congratulations
2	hopefully you helped.
6	did you enjoy your time with your mom?
6	what are some of your favorites?
3	i hope things will go smoothly.
8	i did!
6	what is the class?
2	wow yes they do they must be stress free and have good genes to look so young hopefully the kids don't disturb you though lol.
7	good luck!
2	i hope everything goes well.
7	good luck!!
5	just make sure they have enough to keep them occupied maybe.
3	wow that is terrible, i hope he got to live a long life before that happened.
0	i agree
1	hawaii seems like a beautiful place!
3	something juicy i hope.
7	good luck with your new gun!!
7	congratulations.
1	wow it sounds like he has life all planned out.
0	i know that you will do well
6	when i was a kid my dad would put my medication on a small plate guarded by a green army man.
3	i hope things get better.
4	im sorry.
0	i completely understand that.
6	was your dog ok?
2	then hopefully you will do really well on it.
7	congratulations!
5	maybe find another adult with a kid for a play date
4	i am so sorry.
0	exactly.
6	what did you get?
5	that is good, maybe you can get a raise.
7	congratulations and well done.
3	i hope everything comes back clean for you?
0	i know how you feel.
5	oooh my friends have been playing that, maybe i should get it too
8	yep, thats what i did with the chair mine messed up pretty bad.
1	that is awesome!
3	i hope everything works out great for you guys!
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
2	awesome, i hope you have a great time at the concert.
3	i hope you are ok. please tell me someone recorded it
2	that is really exciting, i bet it will be hard to let them go.
5	but maybe, just maybe, it'll be brilliant.
5	maybe you'll hit the lottery one day!
0	i know what you mean!
6	oh wow like for law school?
2	i hope you have a safe trip and a great time!
7	congratulations!
6	did you kick her to the curb?
5	maybe i should get a better alarm too so i get up earlier
7	i hate heights so rollercoasters arent my thing, good luck with that
5	i'm sorry the hear that, maybe next time.
2	haha, i bet, when she becomes a pro you can say you've been her fan since day one!
0	exactly what i was thinking.
1	it actually sounds fairly amusing!
3	i hope you find someone new to share it with.
8	i have never heard of it, i did watch the movie though.
2	well hopefully you won't die.
7	good luck, i'm sure you will do well.
4	o'm sorry to here that.
1	i bet that was really heartwarming.
7	i wish you a happy marriage!
8	someone was recording him from the shadows
6	when do you find out?
4	sorry dude, thats rough.
3	it will hopefully get easier for us each day
5	maybe start by putting small amounts of trust in people
4	i'm sorry about that.
0	i agree completely.
2	i hope you pack lots of sunscreen.
3	oh no, i hope you find him.
8	good thing you didn't get lost!
4	i'm so sorry!
1	i would have peed in my pants if i was there.
3	i hope she is comfortable at least.
6	did they stick around to exchange info?
7	early congratulations to ya!
0	i understand
0	i understand how you feel, such thing have happened to me before
4	so sorry to hear that.
0	that definitely changes things.
7	congratulations!
6	i am so sorry to hear about your dog, did you rescue her?
7	i wish you good luck.
5	well maybe you guys can hang out outside of work?
4	i'm sorry, does that happen often?
0	i know because sometimes technology doesnt work the way we want it too.. i hope you get to be together again soon.
3	i hope he stops really soon - or you can figure out how to cut the power off on his side - lol!
6	did you keep it?
7	and congratulations on graduating.
7	congratulations to the both of you
6	how long have you been together?
8	i've been enjoying them too, but not quite as much as the originals.
0	i understand.
1	that sucks.
8	it was ok, but while on the train i lost my phone and somebody returned it to me.
4	oh i'm so sorry to hear that.
3	hopefully she doesnt!
1	very cool, i hope more people continue to recognize his talent and he gets the acclaim he deserves.
6	have you been studying?
0	i know that pain!
3	well at least they have each other, and hopefully they will grow more social together
5	maybe you can check out some more shelters and find a similar one?
2	i hope it gets there soon to put a smile back on your face.
3	hopefully, the next dish is better.
4	feel so sorry for you
7	i do wish you all the best in life.
2	hopefully she'll get more interested when she gets a bit older.
7	i bet you are very eager to find out, good luck!
6	yeah, well maybe you can offer to pay for half of it instead?
4	sorry to hear that, recovering from any pet lose is hard.
5	maybe it wont happen again
6	what does that mean?
1	feels nice having school supplies squared away in advance.
3	i hope you learned your lesson and never stole from a friend again.
1	it's cool that she got a double so you guys can sit next to eachother as well.
7	sounds quite hard to deal with but good luck
1	i bet he is having lots of fun.
3	well hopefully you'll be able to get the puppy trained pretty soon.
8	and the joy that followed for the next moth was pure bliss
6	was the dog friendly?
4	im sorry.
0	you will definitely will
5	hmmm, maybe that's because you ate it and you've got a sugar rush.
3	i hope you're trying to do some fun things to take your mind off the pain.
1	that is great, i am so happy for you
6	what was it?
4	i'm sorry
4	oh im sorry to hear that
8	i had the same affinity for swimming.
3	i hope that it shows up, and if not, i hope this watch brings meaning to your life in new ways.
5	well keep looking and maybe check the local animal shelters if you haven't already.
3	well hopefully she should be able to forgive you.
7	good luck
4	oh god i'm so sorry for you!
8	which movie did you watch/
1	oh my goodness, that must have been embarrassing
1	that's awesome, i love fighting games.
1	that sounds really great!
4	i'm sorry, but she'd be out of my house!
4	i am so sorry you had to go through that.
4	i'm sorry you're having trouble :(  is there anyone you can talk to about it?
2	i hope you enjoyed every minute of that.
8	i bet it did.
0	i agree, that movie is definitely ahead of it's time!
2	oh ok, i hope you are enjoying it.
4	oh man, sorry to hear that.
5	maybe it needs some company.
6	i've never had to do it before, have you?
5	i think you should try to find different ways to go about the problem.
6	wow, how fast were you going?
5	maybe once the sting of all of it is over you can get another one and continue to create more sweet memories like the one you just shared with me.
6	where did they go?
0	he definitely appears he was trying to avoid you.
5	well perhaps you can brush up on some sabotage skills lol :) get her out, get yourself back in the game.
5	maybe you can find the silver lining in it.
0	i agree.
8	well, it was fortunate that you got it back ok.
6	that sounds very relaxing, what do you grow?
3	hopefully karma will take care of that.
5	maybe someone found her and took her in.
7	well good luck, its a tough life.
1	sounds like she's going to be on "master chef" in a couple of years.
8	im sure it was cheaper than having to buy a brand new one.
1	that sounds like fun.
8	i've heard of it, but i can't even imagine going through it.
3	i hope you feel better that must be tough.
4	oh i am sorry to hear that.
8	well that was observant of her.. sometimes people dont even notice
5	oh okay, im unfimiliar with snow storms because i live in florida, but i would guess it is much like preparing for a hurricane maybe/
8	that happened to me and i had to stop watching them.
3	i hope you get to feeling better.
7	congratulations on that.
3	i have a feeling things will get better
0	i completely understand.
1	i would have said something if he didn't look the fighting type.
8	oh lol, i'm sure it was embarrassing but it's happened to most, so understandable.
2	good luck, and i hope you will get it.
2	i hope you find him.
3	hopefully he got you something meaningful, sentimental, and long-lasting so that you can keep on enjoying it!
5	maybe you can see if there are any sports teams you can join?
0	my dog is also like family to me, so i understand.
4	i am sorry that happened to you
2	well i hope you have fun and i hope she does well.
1	i can understand why you felt so nervous.
3	i hope everything is ok!
6	what did you guys decide to do?
7	congratulations!
1	your parents sound like wonderful people!
8	were you able to find them somewhere else
6	was he honest with you?
0	oh i know that feeling.
0	i know what you mean.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
2	yeah hopefully you do pretty well at least.
4	sorry,  what is correct
4	oh man, i'm so sorry.
0	i know right.
6	did your story make the local news?
7	congratulations!
3	i hope it goes better than you expect!
7	congratulations!
1	that sounds like a really cool idea.
1	nice, i hope you get a nice bonus check!
1	that is awesome.
0	i know how you feel!
4	im very sorry to hear that.
6	what did you have done?
1	that does sound fun
8	i had a cousin living with me for a while until he got on his feet.
2	i hope so.
1	that sounds like a wonderful time.
6	is he/she okay?
3	well hopefully you can still maintain communication with them.
7	congratulations!
4	oh wow, sorry to hear, that was really rude of her.
3	i hope she has forgiven you then
1	that is friggin' awesome!
8	but for now.. we can finally relax because it's the weekend!
2	that is good, i hope it stays that way
2	hopefully all of your hard work will pay off and you will do well.
5	maybe he has forgotten how it feels to randomly be called into your bosses office.
6	did you ever get caught?
6	what happened?
8	i heard once to make them taste like a professional made it, you just add like extra eggs and sugar and butter or something
4	i'm sorry to hear that, i think you have the right positive attitude though.
8	i could be wrong...but i feel like they just miss your company...and are using your grandma as a scapegoat.
0	absolutely, especially when spending a lot of money
7	congratulations on your new pet.
4	i'm sorry ... what's your pet's name?
0	you definitly will.
0	well, you definitely will not be going on one again any time soon.
5	is he still there maybe?
8	was it something that was in the family or was it something that you purchased.
5	maybe you can track it ?
6	what kind of work do you currently do?
3	i hope you are ok.
0	definitely take some time to vent out your anger.
2	i hope you get it also!
8	strange they ask you to pay for college, but offer few choices.
6	he didn't get you one, hu?
2	i hope you get some sun where you are, too.
1	oh wow, i bet you were very scared.
3	i hope things get better for you.
3	i hope everything works out for you.
6	what do you do for work?
0	you are right.florida is a big state with lot's of people.
5	maybe he should take up knitting--or something else that would be a bit more quiet.
0	if it makes you feel peace of happiness, definitely!
3	i hope you find him.
0	it's like i know i have it, just help me!
7	congratulations!
4	i'm sorry to hear that rip doggo.
7	i wish you the very best and much success.
5	maybe when my daughter is older..
2	i hope the visit goes well :)
7	i wish you the best of luck!
3	oh i hope she got better
4	if so, that really sucks and i am sorry.
2	i hope you are there to support him.
0	i know the feeling..
5	then maybe you should cheat.
6	what did you use to do for work?
6	hows that working out for you.
4	i am so sorry to hear that.
6	weren't they?
2	i hope he can get over it soon!
7	well good luck, here's to a wonderful life together for you two!
3	hopefully you can go home and have a nice dinner.
1	oh wow that does sound scary!
3	wow, hopefully next time it may taste better!
2	i hope to propose one day.
6	how long have you followed them?
7	that is awesome, good luck
4	sorry to hear that.
6	but say something about what exactly?
3	hopefully he'll learn that that's not the place to do that.
5	maybe if you just keep putting your foot down he will eventually get the message.
6	how exciting for you.
7	congratulations on that!
2	i hope to feel that content someday!
1	wow that must have been awkward.
3	hahaha i hope you recover soon.
6	do you run into this issue a lot?
5	maybe you should go ahead and do it?
4	sorry to hear that.
1	wow sounds like you need a new store..haha
0	oh, i will and i know just where i'll wear it - there's a new restaurant just opened i want to try out.
4	i'm sorry.
7	oh well good luck
2	i hope you have a great time!
0	i understand.
1	that is a really cool endeavor!
5	yeah, maybe next time
1	that is really awesome!
0	oh man i know how you feel.
8	i think it is good to go later, because you know what you want more and don't waste time and money.
1	you must have really enjoyed it
1	that sounds great.
0	you should definitely can all the extra tomatoes you get this year.
1	i would be too, those things are really nice.
8	good thing they were willing to help
3	i hope everything is ok. you should probably go hide in the closet!
1	that sucks.
3	that is good i hope he recovers well from it
6	was it a long time ago, or did you graduate recently?
1	it must be nice to have a house
7	good luck, and i hope you will get it.
0	i agree.
3	i hope everything turns out for the better.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
6	when did that happen?
0	i agree, you made the right choice.
4	i am sorry.
0	i'm male i know i was much closer to my mom.
5	maybe it's time to look for another job.
1	that will be nice.
5	i'd definitely talk to her about why you didn't allow her to go to that party, and maybe she'll realize that what you're doing is for her own good.
8	well if he was good at the trick its understandable.
7	good luck with that
0	i understand.
0	i agree, that was a really scary one!
0	i know what you mean.
5	maybe when you pay him back, you can get him a little something extra to show your appreciation.
7	good luck to you all.
2	i hope it all goes well!
0	i understand.
7	congratulations on the good raising of the kid!
0	i understand that buddy..
1	hahaha i would have been like a mad woman trying to clean too!
1	that sounds like a great gandma!
8	oh no, how did you end up in that situation.
8	my mom doesn't lol but she is crazy about healthy vegetarian food ,so :)
8	thats ok.  ugg...that had to be annoying.
5	oh no, maybe try going to reddit and ask people what to do in your city!
8	that is bad how did it happen
8	but most times it does not pay to be that way, cause 9 times out of 10 those kind of people is just living off credit so technically it is not something they own out right
0	i understand.
0	i know.
2	that sounds amazing, i hope you both enjoy it!
3	i hope it is not too bad.
4	i'm sorry you didn't have an umbrella.
5	maybe get caught up before the new movie comes out!
1	although now that i know it is scary i probably won't watch it!
0	me neither.
2	i hope he snaps out of it soon.
5	maybe you can move there soon!
5	now that i think of it, it most likely is the reason why; maybe she doesn't even think of it as a mean act and maybe means no harm by it.
6	oh cool, how much did you get?
5	perhaps next week your team will win !
1	whoa, that sucks.
3	i hope you can repair and issues you have between you guys.
7	congratulations.
6	maybe it was a thunderstorm forming?
0	i am only laughing because i know exactly what you are talking about!
1	yeah i would be pumped too!
3	something good hopefully!
5	maybe he should try out for the olympics?
1	sounds like you had a wonderful night.
7	congratulations.
8	but i had no idea there was a game!
3	i hope you get it!
1	i can understand that, you cannot be a doormat though ever
6	did you end up getting a ticket?
1	that would be so hard!
7	well good luck in the future my good friend!
3	i hope no one got hurt.
0	yeah me too.
4	ohh, i am sorry.
7	well, that is a bit different, but good luck!
8	i hear thats an amazing show but i've never seen it before
6	well were they trying to sell something maybe?
4	i am so sorry you had to see that.
2	you must be really excited of the interview and i hope you will do well
8	it's a slow process in the beginning, but it can be life-changing.
0	i agree, be sure to keeping up the good work!
5	maybe you'd have to get a chart to keep track.
6	its like dinner and a show..  was it expensive?
5	well maybe give it a little tlc and there you go
3	i hope your mood will get better.
6	does it still work?
0	exactly, looks are not the only think that matter in this world.
3	i hope she forgave you
3	that is insane, i hope everything works out!
8	my friend and i were out at the bars one night, doing the usual young people thing.
3	oh no, i hope you are ready for it?
0	i know that feeling for sure
4	i'm sorry it's ending.
0	i know because i've forgotten that too.
6	what was it?
4	oh no, i'm sorry to hear that.
8	that is what my mom did when i was a kid.
5	maybe you just have to tell the truth about what you're feeling, but it's up to you!
6	how was the game!
7	wow that is great, good luck, your gonna need it with twins!
3	she scared me too, i hope you're not scarred for life!
6	was the call that way for her?
8	i usually feel better when i exercise, but i've been putting it off.
4	sorry to hear.
3	cheer up, something better will come along soon enough
4	i'm really sorry to hear that!
7	you are going to love that thing for a long time, seriously congratulations!
8	no i don't know my neighbor that well but my best friend lives close so she has my spare key
6	why didn;t they split it up with more people.
4	i feel sorry for you.
0	i agree with you.
0	oh, i understand.
0	absolutely.
3	that's sad, hopefully it finds its way home.
0	none that i know of!
6	did anyone help you?
8	there was a pool outside of our screen door.
0	me too, people can be so cruel.
4	o im sorry to hear that!
6	are you handling him being gone okay?
7	oh, good luck!
3	o no, i hope no one noticed
0	i know that feeling.
1	thats great, good job.
0	i understand how that goes
1	i bet you were proud
5	or a cat maybe?
3	i hope your daughter has a better experience.
1	that was incredibly nice of them.
3	i hope the surgery went successfully and with no hassle.
1	that is awesome, is this your first kid.
6	when will she be returning?
8	my son didn't experience until age 10.
2	i hope they do and everything is ok
5	maybe you received a gift your brother always secretly wish he had!
5	maybe i will try one day.
7	wow, good luck sounds realy hard to me.
7	well congratulations!
4	oh i'm so sorry to hear that, how long have they been gone.
8	but i wouldn't sweat over it, it happens to the best of us and we learn fro our mistakes!
4	oh no i'm sorry to hear that.
8	it was so embarassing, never did it again.
2	i hope things keep looking up for you!
0	glad to hear you found it i know your heart was racing to find it especially if it was your favorite.
2	i hope you enjoy the game and play well.
4	i'm so sorry about that.
5	maybe i will get one so i can be amused just like you.
7	happy birthday by the way!
4	oh, i am sorry to hear that, maybe next time!
7	good luck
7	good luck going forward
5	i don't want to sound cruel but at least this could maybe be a period of your life where you can just focus on you and improve a lot of areas of your life.
1	sounds like you will likely do well.
8	i didn't know about it.
3	i hope you win next time.
6	as in a grade?
5	maybe they will move soon.
7	good luck!
8	i did that too!
8	that's probably true, but who knows in this country.
3	i am glad, i hope you have a great day today!
3	i can say that it does get better with time.
4	i am very sorry for your loss.
0	i know how that feels.
7	good luck.
8	i think you do but sometimes we have to do hard things in life.
8	i did see that
6	how did it go?
8	i had a car stolen once while i was at work.
7	good luck.
0	while ramen is amazing, i agree, it might be time to try something new.
6	have you complained?
8	if i were you, i'd be the same way, just counting down the days.
3	i hope it works out for you, life is too short.
3	poor kitty, i hope he/she feels better soon.
4	i'm sorry.
5	well you could always take him out or do something he would like to make up for it im sure he wont mind
6	are you ok. did you need to go to the hospital?
2	i hope that you have a good time!
7	good luck!
2	hopefully it happens again soon!
6	when are they coming?
2	i hope you find fulfillment and a sense of purpose {not to mention a chunky wallet haha}
1	you must have a nice body and i am glad that you feel better about yourself.
7	good luck!
3	i hope you can save up atleast al ittle money and take like a "daycation" !
7	at least you took the steps to do it congratulations.
8	ha i took a shot in the dark.
4	i'm sorry.
3	i hope no one saw!
3	i hope you meet a best friend soon!
6	what makes you not like them?
2	i hope when i have kids that they turn out to be successful like yours.
0	oh, yeah you should definitely cancel in that case
1	it sounds like it might be time to consider moving on without them
7	good luck!
8	then it was your lucky day.
2	i hope you get the job - assuming it's one you really want.
2	i hope you do it!
6	?
8	but if you feel comfortable with the idea, then i would consider it when the time is right.
6	do you know who it was?
7	congratulations though, i'm sure you are proud to do it!
8	well, at least you were honest about it.
5	maybe you can find a new investment that will give great returns and you can recoup what you lost.
4	i am so sorry- turtles need a lot of care to thrive
1	that sounds sweet.
8	those butterflies are good for you.
6	would you be making more money?
6	can you trust her?
5	maybe if you post to social media, a bunch of random strangers will show up.
8	i didn't know shoes could cost that much!
7	good luck!
6	who collected the most eggs?
0	i guess you're right.
6	do you play?
3	hopefully it went to someone who needs it.
5	maybe they should lower the fees or up the rewards
2	i hope it goes smoothly!
1	cool.
7	happy birthday!!!!
0	i agree.
5	or maybe it was written in the stars.
0	oh i agree, i still feel awful about it myself!
0	yes i agree, guys are a little let reliable sometimes.
8	work is good for bills but it interferes a lot with life
3	hopefully next weekend is nice and sunny for you and your friends!
3	i have done that before too, so i hope that neither one of us has that happen again!
0	i know what you mean, hope it gets better!
0	i agree, i dislike tuesdays because they are so far from friday!
8	i used to love computer games too as a kid, but i always knew i had to disconnect with them.
2	hopefully she deserves the faithful person you are!
7	good luck!
4	i'm sorry that happened!
1	that's nice.
4	i am sorry to hear that.
4	i am sorry to hear that.do you have full cover insurance.
2	i hope you get a raise too!
4	i am sorry to hear that.
7	good luck, friend!
6	have you ever been?
1	sounds like a sweet gig.
2	if you have a favorite team, i hope they have a good season!
3	i hope you have some friends and family that you can rely on to cheer you up.
6	sorry about that, did you try checking on another store?
2	i hope he feels better and you could be there for him too!
3	hopefully you got a refund.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
3	hopefully she will come around.
7	good luck!'
5	maybe you can meet half way for the holidays.
7	congratulations!
5	maybe you guys have kids that aren't school-aged.
6	and where is it gonna be?
1	that's great that you have so much confidence.
5	maybe you'll never see her again!
6	what's your uncle's number?
8	those were the days.
1	nice.
3	but i hope you are doing okay!
0	i know what you mean, childhood friends are so important and treasured
7	good luck!
4	oh, no, i'm sorry to hear that.
5	maybe one day you can start selling those drawings for money.
4	i am sorry to hear that.
6	why was that?
6	what kind?
7	congratulations on your successful relationship!
4	i am sorry it didn't work out.
6	did you do well
0	i understand, that must suck
8	aw, poor fellow, well i'm sure he was close to his home.
0	i know the feeling.
6	how come?
7	i wish you a lot of luck.
4	i'm sorry again, that's tough.
0	i know its hard to bring yourself out of a hole, i can barely see the light at the end of the tunnell
4	i am sorry that happened to you
1	get out and meet some cool people (easier said than done, i know).
1	haha, wow, that's awesome.
5	maybe you and the other tenets can lobby for additional parking somehow?
2	i hope it's a better experience by the pier than mine.
0	i understand.
1	what a nice neighbor you have, awh well happy and congrats to you and the fam.
4	im sorry.
5	maybe she will be .
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
1	skydiving sounds like a lot of fun.
4	wow...i am really sorry, friend.
0	yes i agree!
5	maybe you should pay her back somehow.
8	i was there many, many years ago.
8	that and i was kind of shy and introverted, so i never made friends to do it with, either.
7	congratulations buddy
2	oh i hope you get it!
1	that's great.
7	i bet, good luck though
5	maybe they can patch it real quick.
4	i am sorry that happened to you
1	well that's not very nice!
0	i know exactly how that feels.
5	maybe i will get myself one for my birthday.
4	wow, i'm sorry about getting fired, but it sounds like you've got guts!
1	that is awesome!
2	sounds painful, hopefully she recovers well
6	has it ever occurred to you?
2	i hope so too!
8	i had horrible roomates.
8	oh man that had to be embarrassing.
8	it was more shared with the whole family.
1	oh, that has to be scary
0	i deal with anxiety myself, so i know not thinking about it is easier said than done.
0	i agree, there are great ways to buy unique things
4	well i am sorry to hear that.
5	maybe you feel both ways.
2	i hope the email will bring you good news
4	i am sorry to hear that.
1	i need to start playing too , that would be awesome
2	i hope you help them kids!
8	i was as well.
2	ah, well, i hope you enjoyed it!
1	she must've really enjoyed the time.
6	right?
5	maybe you should het an exterminator although that seems extreme.
0	oh, now i understand.
6	why?
1	cool!
3	yeah that's sad, i hope it found it's owner somehow.
8	i had pizza as well tonight, although i didn't make it.
7	i wish your friends mom all the best.
0	i understand what you mean.
6	did she hurt herself?
6	have you called the post office to find out what happened?
2	i hope it works out.
8	but its what makes us strive to be better!
2	i hope it does too!
8	not those that were distressing
8	but at least you went back to her to comfort her.
5	maybe you should grab one and get some friends or family involved, for old time's sake.
0	i know it's probably hard not to worry.
0	so i know how it is.
4	oh my, sorry to hear that.
8	that was a very bold move on your part.
7	congratulations.you probably are very proud of her.
6	you are reaching your goals then?
5	maybe it's karma - you deserved free soda
5	maybe you will win something else!
3	hopefully not new shoes?
0	my girlfriend and i are long distance, so i know how that goes.
5	maybe this will be the one!!
7	i wish you the very best.
1	she sounds like a great mother!
4	i'm sorry that you feel lonely.
0	have you checked your lease agreement, they may be required by law to follow through.
3	hopefully he won't try it again on you or anyone else for that matter.
8	they will find who did it.
5	maybe you're overthinking it!
5	maybe we both need to buy one of those chargers that you can keep in your car so you don't have to ask for a jump.
5	was it a promotion or maybe a raise?
3	i am so sorry, i hope you got a refund!
3	well hopefully he will get better
7	oh wow, congratulations!
0	end of summer cleaning, i know that feeling, got to get ready for the school year!
7	good luck!
3	good luck with that, i hope it works out!
2	10 years is an amazing amount of time to be together, i hope for another 10 years!
3	sometimes it's just best to be quiet, even though you know you are right, to help things get better.
3	ouch, i hope you don't either.
7	i wish you'll also move soon.
5	maybe you should set a reminder next time!
0	although now that i know it is scary i probably won't watch it!
0	i know.
3	i hope he learns from this and changes his path.
0	yea i know how you feel
4	i'm so sorry to hear that, what kind of cancer?
0	mine used to have a bad group of friends too at one point so i know how it feels.
7	good luck with that!
1	that's a good idea!
7	congratulations.
2	cool, hopefully she does and yall have fun
0	i'm sorry, i know that must make you sad and stressed.
7	i wish you the best in your new city, congrats!
6	i'm sorry to hear that, is there something in particular that's bothering you the most?
2	well, i hope the job is close to where you live.
7	congratulations
7	good luck with your search!
5	maybe tomorrow morning you should wake them up super early as a surprise.
8	i was never too good at spelling
1	oh cool, i've never watched that one before!
4	i am sorry you have to deal with that
6	that is fun, is it an inside thing or outside?
0	yes, i understand.
6	what does that even mean?
3	i hope you gave them back!
4	aw, i am sorry, they will be back soon though?
0	thats right, going through the same feeling with my son
1	wow, that is really nice
2	i bet that will go in the record books.
7	well congratulations!
1	i must have been so cool to see that!
3	i hope it all turns out for good.
7	good luck with that.
1	awesome!
8	looks like it was just an accident.
8	but it must be great food if you keep going back
7	congratulations!
5	maybe it's adderall?
5	maybe they just don't notice it.
1	that is great, at least there was something positive!
5	but maybe be more patient than even you think you need to be in order to play it safe, so she doesn't get scared off, so to speak.
5	maybe you should have picked up a sewing kit at the grocery store to try to fix the jeans also - lol!
7	ooh congratulations, what for?
8	that was starting to push it.
3	hopefully they are in a better place now.
8	but i ended up meeting my partner through friends.
1	thats awesome what kind of car is it.
2	i hope its good news!
4	i am sorry to hear that, i hope you are able to succeed eventually!
8	yikes, i had when that happens.
2	exactly, hopefully you found a new hobby.
6	when did you start playing?
7	thats impressive good luck to her
2	i hope things continue to stay stable for you, and you can keep it going until setting up a good retirement.
8	ah i am an eagles fan, but we finally got you this year
5	well then maybe it is time to get rid of them?
5	maybe you should cut his brakes
5	that is really crappy, i think whatever makes you feel that way you should try to figure it out and battle it!
0	i understand that.
1	that's pretty interesting!
8	oh those were the good old days.
7	oh congratulations!
0	i know that feeling, friend.
0	i know how much my husbands pocket knives mean to him.
5	maybe another company would appreciate your talent.
2	i hope you get that figured out!
4	i am sorry you have had back luck.
5	i know what you mean, maybe ask if the place is hiring?
5	perhaps have the picnic indoors?
1	that is awesome.
1	that sounds like you were happy with the decision that you made.
2	i hope it works out for you
0	they absolutely do.
6	have you gone before?
4	so sorry, that must be devastating for you.
0	definitely.
1	aww thats great!
6	did you ever find the spider?
3	i hope your friends and family can help you.
8	those were the days.
3	hopefully it turns out well
3	not too bad i hope.
1	cool.
4	i am sorry to hear that.
2	nice, i hope they do well this season.
2	i hope you get the sale.
5	i would maybe only bring it up if she wants to discuss.
2	i hope your new degree helps you land the job you want!
1	that was very nice of you!
5	maybe she didn't hear you?
3	hopefully a few people end up in jail!
8	nope, unfortunately not, i was hoping to at one point but it never worked out.
2	i think called meg, i hope to see that sometime
6	3?
4	sorry - i mashed the keyboard.
5	they maybe careless with their sanitary responsibilities
4	i'm sorry to hear that, are you alright?
4	im sorry to hear that.
2	i hope it goes well.
4	that is terrible, i am so sorry.
5	or hire more people maybe also
2	well i hope that makes him better
6	what a bummer!
3	i hope we don't lose power.
6	do you know how to do it correctly now though?
3	i hope so, too.
7	i wish you luck.
0	i understand that completely, i still have a bit of time to wait
8	i feel jealous i didn't get the artistic genes my brother got lol
3	well, i hope you have a good experience in your new city and raise an amazing family!
6	oh my, how did you manage to get out of that situation?
3	well i hope you do good either way.
8	seems incredible but also kind of boring at the same time.
4	i'm sorry, who was stefan?
7	good luck!
3	hopefully it's not for too long so you guys can get back to being a trio
5	maybe go earlier later?
0	oh yeah i know what you mean about hospitals.
7	but congratulations to you and your kid
3	i hope it turns out as good as your went.
1	that sounds very nice, so glad you have that dress.
1	sounds like the good old days seemed more relaxing and care free.
0	i know right.
8	it was a very devastating storm.
1	i bet that was really cool!
0	i know what you mean because i do it too
5	maybe she can come with you?
8	i do but both are in heaven.
6	why the delay?
2	no, i meant i hope you get the funding.
8	long time but i'm sure very beneficial
0	i definitely feel you on the responsibilities part!
3	i'm so sorry you're going through this, i hope that you can find peace with the situation.
3	oh wow it sounds like he is doing great, i hope he feels better soon!
8	hope everything was backed up.
3	i hope you continue to adjust to your new surroundings, maybe you will end up loving dallas, who knows!
4	im sorry to hear that.
7	good luck i'm sure you will do great.
8	it just take a lot of practice, but you will get there!
0	i am sorry i know how that feels.
2	i'm glad he's getting better with his speech and i hope he continues to improve!
2	i hope you do get that perfect score, you deserve it after all!
6	what kind of rock would you want to be?
4	i'm so sorry, what happened?
5	maybe apply at a different bank this time.
1	i bet you were a nervous wreck.
8	i don't have a dog right now but i want one.
4	i'm so sorry.
1	that sounds horrible!
1	ha, that sounds comical.
4	sorry to hear that.
5	good question, maybe offer to mow their lawn?
4	im so sorry to hear that :/
3	i hope you are in some therapy.
8	we are 10 years apart, but he make a ton more money than, i do.
6	what an awesome human being
8	the same habit that i took up
2	well, i hope you have fun!
4	oh, i am so sorry to hear that.
8	it might have upset him but i'm sure he'll understand!
7	very frustating but congratulations on the results
7	good luck!
1	yeah, that does sound a little scary
5	well, it's a good thing you were rejected thing, maybe.
0	i know the feeling.
0	exactly!
4	i'm so sorry - how awful for you.
4	oh im so sorry, please don't worry, i know it's tough but i learned that death is only a beginning not the end
4	i'm so sorry that happened to you!
7	congratulations, always nice to have a new addition to the family!
7	congratulations in advance!
5	maybe you could make it up to him.
5	yeah i understand that, maybe they will take you?
0	that's a great feeling, i agree!
8	damn i can't believe i didn't hear.
5	maybe surfing or hiking.
0	i know the feeling, im really sorry!
0	yes, i understand!
0	i know, the free time is the best.
4	oh man, i'm so sorry for your loss.
2	i hope everything is ok.
5	maybe you can find a cheaper place to live?
5	maybe it is your imagination.the were probably catching up.
8	i used to love mario kart - i'm not a big video game fan but i loved that one.
4	im sorry, did you say anything to him"?
4	oh no, so sorry.
5	well, if you did not have a good relationship then it would seem like maybe they didn't take you on purpose.
1	that must have been unbearable.
8	it was hilarious, but i sympathise with her and you.
5	maybe you have went so long without hanging with your friends you forgot you had them.
0	i know what you mean.
5	maybe you should hide one somewhere in case you get locked out again.
3	i hope the little guy made it, too!
3	hopefully our country will get on the right track soon, i'm looking forward to voting in the primaries.
2	hopefully work rewards you more often like that.
1	thats awesome- i wish i could do that like that impressive.
8	i would settle for a british butler.
0	oh, i know how that feels.
0	i agree, it is tough work!
5	maybe one day you will be able to work you way up to being the next tony hawk.
7	congratulations to her!
0	oh, okay, i believe i know what you are talking about now.
2	i hope we do but it will probably be after im dead and gone
6	are they just great in general or did they do something extra special?
4	oh man, so sorry dude.
4	i am sorry you had to experience that!
6	did you see it happen?
2	nice, i hope you enjoy it.
6	oh no, is there any way you can file a complaint against him?
6	ah, dang, did he know you were trying to buy it also?
6	i am sorrry, was he okay?
3	i hope you filed a complaint with the restaurant!
7	good luck in the final stage.
3	nice, i hope i can overcome my fear one day too!
0	you should definitely switch
3	poor dog, i hope she learns from it
8	my favorite team used to the bruins, but then i moved
7	congratulations!
0	i know your pain very well.
6	how far away was it?
2	well, hopefully she doesn't keep you waiting for very long, if everything else is right!
8	if that's the case, i need to start saving for boarding school, because i was awful!
3	i am sure you will get better.
3	sounds scary, i hope they aren't involved in drugs or crime.
8	i had one of those.
7	well good luck my friend!!!
0	i know how it feels.
8	i'm sure you did well though.
7	congratulations!
1	haha yea seems like it would be really cool to see in person.
3	i hope you guys get along and squash beef?
8	good, my son could be driving, but he doesn't have a car to drive or the real need to.
0	i know how that feels.
6	what is her style?
3	hopefully they will make it up to you
4	oh so sorry to hear that.
5	well maybe you can tell your friend and ask him/her to forgive you.
0	it was definitely a unique prize then.
7	congratulations!
1	oh that dont sound really good
4	i'm so sorry.
6	what are her plans now?
2	aw, i hope your dog is much better trained now
7	good luck!
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
4	i'm sorry.
3	i hope that for both your guys' sake you are able to communicate a little more properly in the future.
5	maybe they can put you in a different department.
4	oh man i am so sorry.
5	little bugger, maybe next time
8	i did that 32 years ago in high school.
3	i hope it has gotten a little easier for you?
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
3	i hope they catch him.
1	awesome!
8	one day i'm sure your children will recognize and appreciate you had to go through for them.
8	that's tragic, i haven't had to deal with anything like that yet.
2	hopefully you'll get rewarded for your great performance!
8	we've never facetimed, but that's such a good idea.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
7	congratulations!
2	no, but i hope things work out for you in this new part of your life.
2	hopefully you have some wine to celebrate with!
6	are you going to sue?
2	i hope he is heathy and happy!
6	how are you holding up?
6	what made them think it was you?
5	yeah maybe that was a good decision that you made.
7	well good luck, that sounds like a challenging role!
0	i know how you feel.
8	i wish i was one of those people.
0	yea i 100% agree with that.
7	congratulations.
8	i was love kids
0	i know, right.
8	no, i never had.
8	i had the same thing happen.
1	ah i see.
0	i know what you mean, it's the excitement that keeps you up!
5	maybe you shoud pretend you are still at work until you get the hang of it.
6	was anyone around to witness the glory?
4	i am so sorry to hear this.
6	what are you going to do?
0	i understand, people do it all of the time
6	were you walking home?
0	definitely look into your rights as an accepted student who was counting on that and made all your plans around it.
2	i hope that you all meet and exceed your goals.
6	you mean tortures?
3	i hope you're able to tough it out.
4	oh, i'm sorry.
5	maybe someone is playing a trick on you
0	i know the feeling.
7	congratulations, i hope you get a raise.
3	hopefully you can get a replacement.
5	maybe she was just scared of how you would react.
7	congratulations!
5	maybe it will be just what you need though.
3	i hope she makes it up to you.
5	maybe you'll get offered the next promotion that is available?
4	i'm sorry.
4	sorry to hear that
5	maybe she was ill
0	i completely agree
0	yes, i agree.
4	bless your heart.
4	well, i'm sorry to hear that.
7	good luck!
1	you sound like a great parent, they're lucky to have you!
1	that would be amazing!
3	hopefully you got some stuff done around the house then.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
8	i can imaging the anticipation, but before you know it, you'll be on the beach
3	i hope you guys can get something figured out.
5	maybe it will, i'll keep my fingers crossed for you!
0	i agree.
3	hopefully it's a friend you trust and she won't embarrass you if she ends up going through it and finding something bad.
1	that sounds like a great way to keep yourself motivated!
7	good luck to you!
8	thats an unhealthy way to think but its hard to avoid
5	hope you wrote down his tag - maybe you could sweet-talk him into going for a drive!
8	that's terrible, but good for you for having a plan.
8	i was a kid then, but i remember my teachers reaction
0	i could understand how that might be considered weird, i agree.
6	did you get to relax at home?
1	that is actually nice, i like rock music.
1	the 80's style was so cool!
8	i wish we could atleast have 1 day a year like that but to actually feel as free as them!
3	i hope you find him/her!
4	i'm sorry.
5	perhaps.
7	congratulations!
8	you deserve the rest after this week, must be a great feeling to accomplish what you did
8	i wouldn't stress so much if i were you.
5	maybe you should take uncle out for dinner!
2	nice, well hopefully nothing like that ever happens again!
8	yea i can believe it.. but it makes you feel better!
5	maybe they don't even have enough for the cars themselves.
2	i bet it will be fun though.
2	i hope you feel better too!)
3	i hope it helps!
0	i agree.
5	maybe you should amend the movie night rules with a different theme every time so they are more constrained to what they have to choose from!
8	that's interesting that he took the dog with him on a business trip, but who am i to judge!
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
3	i hope you're doing something fun to keep yourself occupied.
8	well i don't know how wonderful you are, but you sure are narcissistic, which isn't a good trade to have, people are all equal there is no difference in us
8	we have cat scratching posts everywhere to try to avoid that, but still had to put the sticky tape on the couch to prevent scratching
6	how long did you have to wait?
3	you can train and get better
0	i agree completely.
5	maybe you can bring it to the tire place.
2	i hope the braves make it all the way!
6	do you usually do good in math?
0	i know, it probably feels lonely.
8	good thing he wasn't drunk or he very well could have gotten in an accident.
0	now you must take the corrective so that it does not happen to you anymore
8	i had a friend with an aneurysm pass suddenly about 2 years ago.
2	that's good, hopefully they treat each other well.
7	wow well good luck
7	congratulations!
7	i wish you the best of luck!
8	awww, you're speaking fondly on when he was young.
7	happy birthday !!!
1	that sounds awesome.
6	what color?
7	well good luck for you.
2	well i hope you enjoy it!
6	what did you guys do there today?
4	oh i am sorry to hear that.
7	good luck!
8	i'm a little farther south, but i do like them for sure.
3	oh, well hopefully you learned some kind of lesson from this and it won't happen again.
1	that never sounds fun
2	i hope everyone came out ok in the end.
5	maybe you can experiment with other women with your wife?
4	i am sorry that happened to you , sometime bad things happen to good people
8	i have believed myself a ruler of the world but still live in this box.
6	why don't you join some groups so you can meet some new people.
4	i feel sorry for you.
2	well lets talk about the wedding, hopefully you have a wedding planner to help you right.
6	when do you go?
3	hopefully youll be able to get it taken care of this time.
2	i hope you have fun and be safe!
5	maybe you could try aa meetings or suggest to your wife that she can go to al anon meetings.
4	oh man, i am sorry!
4	aw, sorry about that!
7	congratulations!
5	maybe you should buy some bad makeup and let her steal that
0	you should definitely change roommates.
0	i know how you feel... people also get married and have kids.
1	oh yes that sounds a little dangerous i wouldn't take that flight unless it was necessary.
5	maybe you have a budding chef on your hands.
0	it's definitely different than what i was used to.
2	that's smart, i love a big turkey dinner the family will be pleased i bet.
7	oh congratulations!
0	i will definitely be on the lookout for it.
3	hopefully they don't actually cause someone else to wreck.
5	maybe you can find yourself a new hobby that will keep you occupied while he's gone?
5	maybe next time it will be better or try another way to travel that is better.
4	oh sorry to hear that then
3	i hope you're doing okay
3	i hope that it only gets better.
5	well maybe he trusted you as a good friend, next time try to help him with his homework instead
1	sounds amazing!
2	i hope you have fun but i'm not a fan of paintballing.
3	i hope that you are ok.
5	yeah they're all pay to play, i think you should be able to play the whole game the first time you buy it...
8	dealing with the loss of a loved one is always difficult but feeling alone in the grief must be so much worse.
3	i hope you can figure it out soon!
3	that's pretty scary, hopefully they can get him some meds and he gets to come home.
5	wow maybe you need to get some sort of bark device  that stops them from barking!
4	i am sorry, what did she want
3	hopefully, they are completely fine with your needs.
6	what's wrong with the job you have now since you have been there for 21 years?
6	what would cause you to have bad thought?
7	you can take out a loan, but good luck, i hope you get it!
8	even if it were wrong, there may be nothing you can do about it.
2	i hope so!
2	one day when you are successful, i hope you pass your good luck forward!
6	what are you studying?
8	i was thinking it was new york where the cabbies are notorious for being rude.
6	i'm sorry who is going in too 8th grade?
1	hahahaha, it's really scary to read scary stories at night..
4	i am so sorry to hear that.
7	congratulations.
5	maybe the sales-person is a hard-bargainer.
1	well that would be great.
8	my husband had a 1960 ford f150 he completely redid.
4	i'm sorry that happened to you.
8	i doubt it was personal.
6	did you perform well?
2	that's really kind of you, i bet he appreciates all the help he can get big or small.
5	maybe just take it slow
1	thats awesome.
6	oh?
8	i wish my daughter was determined like that.
7	congratulations.
2	i hope you do too!
3	hopefully it works out for you
6	how did you guys meet?
6	oh wow, is she nervous about it?
4	i'm so sorry that happened.
8	i think if you're respectful and state what you did wrong and how you'll fix it, she will forgive you.
2	i completely understand, i hope they will call you soon so you won't have to
4	im sorry that happened.
7	congratulations!
3	i hope so too, good luck!
5	maybe try a bar with food!
6	when does he start?
0	i know pets are just like family.
6	that's terrible, what did you do?
3	it get better with time.
5	someone a little closer, perhaps?
1	yeah i suppose i would be too.
5	maybe they are collectors items now.
3	it will get better
4	ooh sorry how is it now does he have a job
1	it's pretty hot where i live.
1	sounds like a great friend to have.
6	have you been experiencing chronic pain?
2	i bet these next few days will fly by
1	sounds like a bribe is in order.
0	me neither!
7	well, i wish you luck.
6	did you get 20 years in prison?
0	i know that feeling!
3	i hope so too.
3	i hope you are finding ways to cope with your loss.
4	sorry to hear that.
7	congratulations.
3	hopefully you have some good vibes come your way.
4	i'm sorry that's awful i bet he's sad.
3	i hope it turned out great.
7	i wish you luck.
8	there was a rusty hairpin in my burger from there when i was a kid.
8	i always had a hard time remembering the dates and times especially.
7	good luck i hope all goes well
0	i will definitely need to look at that.
0	i know the feeling.
4	i'm sorry to hear that, i hope he is in a better place now!
8	it can be a very emotional time but it gets better over time.
1	it'd be cool if she made it to the stage where she could play the world cup..
1	that is great.
4	i am sorry to hear that but luckily noone got hurt.
4	that's horrible, i am sorry!
3	i hope you learned your lesson though, we all make mistakes but we need to learn from them
4	sorry what did you do the next day
5	nice well if you keep in touch everyday maybe it won't feel so far
2	that is something i hope to do one day as well.
1	that sounds exciting!
6	what play are you doing?
7	well congratulations!
3	i hope you find him!
5	maybe pray and she will hear you.
0	i know how that feels, and anyone who doesn't consider the safety of others isn't that great of a person.
7	congratulations!
4	oh no i'm so sorry to hear that
6	how long dd you do that for?
2	i hope you enjoyed the food..
4	oh sorry to hear that
3	well, if you're marriage survived, i hope things are better now.
7	congratulations on getting promoted, that is awesome!
4	i am sorry that happened
0	yes, definitely get a blood test so you know what you need to watch out for
5	perhaps you can schedule some time after labor day to come and see him play?
6	what was the discovery?
3	i hope it works out!
5	maybe you can plan to see her more often?
4	oh i'm so sorry :( i hope you can find something suitable, even if you make it yourself
0	ok now i understand
5	maybe i should look into that to connect to my great grandmother.
2	my neighbors are terrible so i hope you have a good relationship
7	i wish you very good luck on whatever you decide to do!
3	hm, i hope its not too costly to fixed!
4	bless your heart.
6	will you get a divorce now?
6	what did your friend say?
4	that seems bad and i am sorry to hear that.
5	maybe you should calming ask about it.
7	good luck to him!
0	i know how you feel.
7	i will gladly wish you all the luck in the world, if you would only tell me what i am wishing it for!
8	weekdays always seem to pass so slowly, but weekends fly by not even noticing them
2	i hope i can be a mom someday!
1	that is great!
1	that doesnt sound so hard to fix
3	wow, i hope he cleaned it up for you.
5	maybe try church or meetups?
0	i understand although everyone needs some alone time too.
5	maybe they aren't right then.
3	i hope you complained!
8	cats are always getting into things they shouldn't, but i still love them
0	i know the feeling.
0	i absolutely will!
4	i'm sorry for your loss.
5	i would think maybe it would relieve some stress if you could do it from your house
1	lol....white cloths can be scary too.
0	that is definitely something to you to be proud of!
6	have you checked your sugar lately?
5	maybe if you go somewhere else without the girl.
2	i hope i can do that some day, too!
3	hopefully you'll be compensated in some way for the fries.
1	she sounds like she enjoyed it though lol
4	sorry to hear that.
2	i hope she is worthy of that trust
1	nice!
5	it's alright maybe it's a working day and she has a surprise for you on saturday
8	at least you weren't hurt.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
0	i'm sure that is definitely not true.
7	good luck!
1	you sound like a great uncle!
7	i wish you the best of luck.
8	so...what did you do
7	good luck to you!
2	i hope you do, too!
8	but i imagine he will come around
3	oh god..well i hope she left you and you've learned that no one likes a betrayer
4	i am sorry.
7	congratulations.
5	maybe there's something you could look into to help prevent that happening, that does not sound fun!
6	did he just come back to you?
7	good luck!
1	that must feel awesome
8	i never did go to a preacher.
5	maybe you can make friends outside of roommates, and then be able to be social outside of your apartment and be able to come home and have the peace and quiet.
3	i feel bad, i hope you find someone who treats you even better!
2	i hope he is okay!
5	well maybe you can practice and get better at it for when your baby is older.
3	i hope you end up going and find a way to enjoy yourself.
6	how can someone do that to someone with someone so close?
2	congrats, i've heard that many twins have a special bond so i hope they have that and do well.
5	then talk to someone that he respects maybe they will talk senses into his "head"
1	i would have been so embarrassed!
6	do they play any instruments?
3	i hope you find that you heal in time.
7	well good luck.
6	do you guys still spend the holidays together?
6	what color is it?
8	i always loved their strip when i was younger.
6	did you hurt your self?
0	i know exactly whaat you're saying
1	that sounds so relaxing.
7	i am sorry to hear that, i wish you luck!
0	i know, it's awful!
6	oh wow, did they justify the overcharge?
6	why couldn't you have a baby shower?
5	i'm sorry, maybe they will get back together.
7	good luck!
8	my parents did the same with my grandparents.
7	well, early happy birthday.
0	yeah me too.
7	congratulations!
0	i know how you feel.
0	me too, i am sad when i don't win the lottery.
8	you tried at least and your intentions were good.
2	oh i hope it does!
0	you know that's right.
8	i did that as well and found i had to consistently get out and try to meet people.
4	i am terribly sorry to hear that.
7	congratulations to you both.
7	congratulations!
2	i hope its a major triumph for you both!
4	sorry, i hope they apologized for that
3	dang, i guess you should get on that, hopefully you drew straws or something, but at least you found the source!
1	nice.
5	i think they should honor the original prices they set
3	give it time and things will get better.
2	i hope the future holds many more wonderful things for you!
1	thats great.
0	you're gonna make an a+ i know it.
2	yes its a good lesson for you, hopefully you dont repeat it!
8	i sat there frozen thinking someone was outside.
2	oh that sounds really fun and i bet she will love it all.
3	i hope so to get you paid or at least keep a strong relationship so in the future you can work with them again.
3	well maybe give it a little tlc and there you go
3	i am sure it will get better
0	omg i know!
7	me too, and good luck to him.
2	i bet that will be fun
5	maybe you should pay them back by interrrupting them?
8	you must be having bitter ,sweet emotion.i remember my mom was also emotional when i left boarding school for the first time.
5	maybe it will be a smaller issue.
4	im sorry to hear that.
3	i hope you are okay!!
1	that's the coolest thing i've heard all day
3	thats true, but i hope some good luck comes your way soon..
4	im sorry
7	congratulations
4	i'm sorry.
8	if only they had told us sooner.
8	i thought your brothers dog wasn't to be trusted.
5	maybe your right though an easy task might make me feel better and get a head start for tomorrow.
2	i hope you do well on it.
2	very true, i hope he knows how lucky he is.
4	oh, i am so sorry this happened to you.
0	i know how you feel.
1	i feel your pain on the no wheat policy.
1	nice.
1	that is awesome, normally it is the opposite!
8	i remember in highschool we had a biology teacher and the kids kept badgering him about if he had a wife.
3	i'm sorry, i hope you find it.
4	i'm sorry, at least you can rest assured knowing that your cat lived a long life.
8	the world would be a better place if more people were helpful like you.
1	that's awesome.
0	i usually stick with what i know also
3	i hope everything turns out well and wish you the best of luck
5	that sucks, perhaps he should of be saving his money to pay for his apartment, instead of having two dogs.
7	congratulations
0	i know there probably isnt much you can do.
4	i'm sorry.
2	money is always good, and you will be near your son hopefully he does not find it embarrassing , u know how kids are
1	nice!
7	good luck!
6	did you complain to your landlord?
5	maybe a family member or someone that can lend a hand or ear?
1	that's awesome.
7	thats not bad, good luck
2	hopefully soon.
2	i hope the lakers treats him well.
6	you like being surprised?
5	maybe no one noticed it at all?
8	something i wish i had as kid
8	she was my best friend.
6	how so ?
1	that is great!
3	i hope that you can find a solution to help with that.
5	perhaps you should join facebook.
4	i am so sorry
3	i hope he is open to change.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
0	i understand.
4	it is always better to be safe than sorry.
0	i understand that, it can leave a large void, my mom used to be like that too
7	oh wow, that is an energetic dog, good luck!
3	sorry to hear that, i hope you get chances to visit!
2	it's hard to say goodbye to a friend, i hope you can stay in contact with him.
8	no he didn't.. but at least they were admitting they were assholes, you didn't have to wait till you were older to figure it out.
4	i am sorry that must have been tough.
6	what was the first thing you did when you got your car.
8	that is ok sometimes but getting out is important for you too
1	that sounds like a blast.
2	i hope she gets you something you like!
7	good luck.
4	aw, i am sorry to hear that.
1	that is so awesome.
7	congratulations!
5	maybe they could get funding from the municipality.
1	that would be.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
1	sounds like a good time!
3	i hope you can find a replacement for it or have it fixed!
8	you must be nervous, but im sure you will be fine
4	i bet, i'm sorry you got one.
7	congratulations!
0	absolutely!
8	i did.
7	oh, congratulations!
7	i wish you all the best!
6	what kind of job is it for?
0	hahaha, me too definitely
8	i'd be walking if i did.
7	well i want to say happy birthday to you as well!
3	i hope you are able to resolve.
5	just start moving more, and maybe join an exercise class.
3	hopefully she will learn from her mistakes.
2	i hope you do well.
7	that's great, congratulations
4	im sorry to hear that.
2	i hope your brother find time to help you.
1	wow, that sucks.
5	maybe it'll go for another year so you can save.
3	i hope you he changes some so you can still be friends.
4	oh, i'm sorry to hear that.
1	that sounds fancy.
5	oh that is true, but maybe you could leave the kids home with babysitters.
3	hopefully you are getting along though?
1	that sounds so disgusting!
2	that is terrible, i hope everything is ok
4	i'm sorry :(   i bet she got upset
7	good luck!
3	well i hope you can get it fixed soon!
0	i know that can be really tough.
3	i hope like crazy you find it!
2	i hope you really encourage her to stick to it and do well.
1	that is pretty awesome
8	well that's your choice, but i say new adventures in life are profitable!
1	that's great!
5	maybe now you will be able to get the back payments too.
5	maybe it would be a good thing to get a therapist so that you have someone that can help you through it.
6	did you honk at him?
0	i know right.
8	ive heard a lot of good things about austin, but ive never been.
4	that's incredibly sad, i'm so sorry for your loss.
8	but still if she is only using you i dont think she is some one you need to be around just saying
3	i hope he passed away peacefully and happy.
2	i hope he does well.
6	what is your favorite game?
1	wives are awesome like that.
4	that's a shame, i'm sorry.
8	aww, that's terrible but good she has you.
4	i am so sorry to hear that.
2	i hope you are being sensitive to her feelings though, weight can be a touchy subject!
0	it's definitely awful.
4	sorry to hear.
2	i am happy for you and hopefully things will get better.
6	where were they
5	maybe when you get older you can pay for things appropriately.
2	i hope your sister is ready for all the challenges that awake her.
5	maybe you should contact the news about it
3	hopefully it wont cost too much.
2	i hope it's a lot more than just a gift card but at least starbucks should be a lot of money because it's so expensive there!
4	i am so sorry for your loss.
0	oh i completely agree with you.
6	what in particular do you fear could happen?
0	i know the feeling i had my grandmother gone for 5 years now still miss her.
0	okay then now i understand  why you are happy.
1	awesome!
3	i hope it works for you, though.
0	ah me too.
7	congratulations on getting that far!
2	i hope he pulls through.
7	congratulations to you two!
5	maybe it was closed event.
0	yeah i understand that.
0	oh yes, i understand, i had no choice either.
0	well, now i know where i want to visit too.
4	oh man im sorry to hear that!
7	i wish you all the best of health and happiness!!
0	i once got hit in the face with one, so i know it can sting.
5	maybe she could if you tried.
1	that's awesome.
6	is it everything you wanted> i once had a job turn out to be the worst.
6	you were in the toilet?
4	sorry to hear that, the trouble of going to the doctor just to "confirm" its strep throat is the worst.
0	i would have to agree with you there.
5	maybe that will save you from having to do it later in the week.
0	i know how much work that can be
3	i hope you can regain contact with them someday.
2	hopefully you hear something soon!
5	or maybe think positive, she might be getting you a gift?
1	that's really cool to see their development and their growth.
4	i am sorry, that sounds bad
2	i hope you get it too!
4	i'm sorry.
6	what was the hard work?
8	it was an accident.
0	i agree!
6	is it because of the shootings?
1	and crazy... and scary... and awesome all at once!
2	hopefully you do well with it!
6	did that make you proud
6	would you say your back feels better?
8	i wasn't thinking at the time.
3	i hope you find something that can help you
8	that was the right thing to do.
6	what a horrible person!
7	congratulations!
4	i'm so sorry.
6	what was?
7	congratulations on getting it!
0	okay now i understand...
5	maybe buy one then?
8	if only people were more considerate of others.
0	i agree.
5	i think that is the ideal number one should have
8	i guess so but it should be able to alleviate a lot of that loneliness.
2	i hope you can hang on for something better.
1	that's awesome.
5	maybe next time just get a tutor instead of cheating!
3	i hope you are feeling better.
2	i hope i work with nice people like that one day.
6	but still maybe you learned something about it?
4	i'm so sorry that happened to you but glad you are ok.
1	that's very nice of you.
0	i guess i can agree with that.
6	have you found a place?
0	i definitely understand
2	i hope nothing like that ever happens again.
8	once people get to know me its fine but usually people dont like me when they first meet me.
3	that is awful, hopefully you can plan another one soon
3	i hope that nothing came of it though.
8	oh that is good that you had the time
8	i haven't, but i will check it out!
3	i hope you do.
6	did you eat it or throw it away?
1	thats awesome!
7	good luck!
6	that is true, but why the air nikes?
8	i have always had hp.
2	i hope you both stay healthy!
2	congratulations i hope you like it
6	did he walk away afterwards?
6	so how did you handle it?
6	don't be nervous.
7	good luck!
2	i hope it goes well and you fall in love
0	i know right!
5	maybe he will find his way back home some day.
8	well, at least you followed the law and didn't end up running a red light.
7	good luck!
6	?
8	they were a strong young team and should have won but missed a few chances in the first half.
8	at least you didn't get fired
8	haha oh man did the owner get mad...or did he just laugh it off
1	yum that sounds delicious!
2	hah, i hope you two have some fun.
6	was anyone hurt in your area?
1	you sound really well prepared!
7	congratulations?
2	oh no i hope she's ok!
0	i agree.
5	you sound like a hard worker, which is something to be proud of, even though it's kind of wearing you out maybe.
5	maybe she tried to bring some warm strings in relationship with you
3	i hope things work out for you.
1	cool.
5	maybe you should tell him that?
6	what kind of job?
6	maybe your neighbor will let you come over and swim?
8	i was induced when i had my daughter a year ago!
5	maybe then she will mind her own business.
5	well, maybe the weather is calling for some in the near future?
8	i envy you, wish i was there to have some with a cup of coffee
0	i totally agree with you!
0	i know i like my hobbies lol.
6	what kind of tasks do you do?
4	i am sorry to hear that.
6	what did he give you/
1	action films on the big screen are very exciting with the loud sounds and visual effects!
4	i am sorry, he will stop eventually
4	i'm sorry, how does that make you feel?
2	hopefully everything goes really well for you and happy birthday!
8	that was uncalled for.
0	me too!
3	i hope you find someone more respectful and caring
3	i hope you are able to stay safe!
1	sounds like that person has boundary issues.
4	oh no, i am so sorry to hear that.
0	i have been in that position with a credit card i forgot to pay when we moved and they didn't have the correct forwarding address.
3	damn, hopefully you're doing better now.
6	i hear you, are you getting the day off of work?
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
2	i hope you achieve what you set out to do
5	maybe this year will be different.
3	just keep your head up - things will get better.
3	dang that sucks.. hopefully it pay well
0	i would have to agree with you on that.
1	does feel awesome
4	sorry to hear that.. did you miss something important?
5	perhaps you could invite someone over to your place and watch a cool movie with them over a pizza?
1	wow, i bet that was nostalgic.
4	sorry to here that.
4	i am sorry to hear that.i hope she gets better.
4	lol i am sorry about that!
0	that's good she's got a nurturing / caring mom, i know some pretty bad parents out there
6	is your insurance going to take care of it?
7	congratulations i know you must be very proud
0	i know where this is going lol
0	oh me too.
2	i hope he is alright, i would be nervous too
0	i know what you mean.
2	i hope i am long gone
6	maybe they had a crazy night and had no time to shower?
0	i know i sure didn't in college.
1	cool.
3	i hope you do too.
6	what are you looking forward to?
2	well, i hope your brother can put his degree to good use and make some moolah!
7	wow, congratulations!
4	i'm so sorry!
5	a lounging chair, or maybe  a computer desk chair?
3	i hope that you can find someone to sit with you.
1	that sounds delicious!
2	yes i hope he wises up some in the future!
5	maybe next time?
7	congratulations on that.
4	i am sorry about it, did she move close by or to another town?
8	you are at a place that we all should be able to be but for many reasons can not.
7	congratulations to you both!
8	but, it gives it back and it makes up the loneliness part.
0	i know.
2	well that is a great attitude, i bet you will do amazing!
4	im sorry man!
7	congratulations!
3	hopefully you will get one soon
5	i don't see any negative aspect to it, but maybe there tis.
4	im sorry for your loss
6	what's coming out?
6	do you have any leads on who might've stolen it?
5	maybe youll get a promotion.
1	that sounds like a happy homecoming!
3	i hope your friend understand.
7	congratulations!
7	i wish you good luck with that!
8	that was sweet.
3	i hope time will heal, and they don't lose hope.
1	i would have been horrified
0	i know.
1	nice.
6	what are your main uses of it?
1	nice!
2	hopefully you can keep it that way.
0	i know what you mean
3	hopefully you two can patch things up one day?
2	great, i hope it works out for you.
6	do you like it?
0	exactly you got it, they will make their mistakes.
6	how are you going to clean it out?
4	sorry you had to go through that.
2	hopefully within the next few years i can experience that!
1	that would make me so mad!
2	hopefully he continues his streak at la as well
7	good luck!
0	me either.
5	maybe you should pursue a singing career :)
7	i wish you good luck with that!
8	i didn't stick around to ask, i ran.
4	i'm sorry to hear about what happened.
3	i am glad to hear that, i hope they work out for you!
4	i'm sorry to hear that
0	exactly the same for me.
8	but it's good to have people who like theirs
5	maybe you could hire somebody for a few hours a week and join a gym or yoga class.
4	this is the worst, i can understand why you are mad, i'd be the same as you, argh im sorry
3	well i hope you find it, and a winning lotto ticket at the same time.
0	i'm definitely going to see it, thanks for the rec!
7	i wish you successful career with full of joy
8	mine took months to train forever.
0	i know, i am confident it will go back so i'm hanging on to this last bit.
2	i hope everything goes well for you.
6	what is your favorite thing to do in the bahamas?
3	it's rough now, but it will get better!
6	oh wow, were the cats on leashes?
6	you guys hang out a lot?
7	all the best
5	maybe your cat believe he is fine.
5	maybe your dog has learned it's lesson.
6	what happened
0	even though you feel it's not exactly right, doesn't hurt to ask too.
2	well, i hope you have an awesome weekend!
5	maybe it was a thunderstorm forming?
4	i'm sorry to hear that, what led you to this?
6	what team does he play for?
7	good luck.
6	oh wow, that is a huge life event then, best of luck?
0	i know what you mean, it is hard.
6	did they pull you over?
1	that is great news!
5	maybe that riding mower would be a worthy investment?
8	i sure hope the hot dog was fit to eat
0	me too!
8	i had that experience
2	i hope you have an amazing one@!
7	congratulations!
6	when i comes down to it what a kid wants most from a parent is love.
6	what are you going to see on your trip?
7	does it work for good luck?
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
6	how'd it go?
8	i didn't know that.
2	i get that, but i hope that continues for you!
0	oh i know how that feels.
6	where do you go to meet women?
6	did he get you?
2	i hope it is - do you have any funny experiences from the bad ones?
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
1	that's awesome!
3	i hope that is not true, because if it is that is gross.
5	maybe you can exchange it or get your money back?
6	what's going on in your life?
2	sounds like a lot of stress... i hope things change for you very soon!
1	that sounds awful.
3	im sorry thats awful, i hope he makes a full recovery
4	headaches really suck, i'm so sorry to hear that.
8	i've seen some families that had some kids that were angels, and one of them was a nightmare!
3	i hope that the pain fades with time.
4	i'm so sorry.
0	exactly, and since they don't burn the body turns it into fat to burn later or something like that i think.
1	cool.
1	i would be too!
3	i hope your state has a lemon law.
8	she was probably doing it on purpose to annoy you!
5	maybe yo have a bad signal
8	i saw her in 2011. we skype but it's not the same
1	you sound prepared!
3	wow, hopefully you both have insurance.
5	maybe you should take a break
2	that's terrible, i hope they are ok now.
2	well, i hope you have a lot of fun in contact with nature
3	i hope your not devastated about this.
6	are you going to see them again soon?
1	you sound very confident!
2	i hope so too, what kind of operation is it?
5	maybe enjoy a glass of wine and watch some girly shows.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
5	maybe you should talk with him about how you feel?
6	why didn't you walk away lol
8	my stepmom used to take me and my brother there when we were younger.
4	sorry to hear about your pig.
5	maybe they were waiting for the perfect moment to strike... what chumps.
5	maybe a photo collage to hang.
0	i definitely understand.
1	that sounds really exciting and like it will be a hit!
7	oh, congratulations!
0	haha i understand.
7	good luck.
1	ohhh..sounds super awkward
2	hopefully you can find some enjoyment in it.
0	i agree, it's better to live in your own surroundings and have your own independence.
3	i hope nothing came inside
2	i hope you have a good time!
2	i hope that she gets a new mom some day.
0	that's definitely better than nothing.
4	awh, i'm sorry.
7	congratulations on all the hard work you put in paying off!
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
3	i hope is ok!
7	good luck!
7	congratulations.
0	i know!
0	i know that feeling.
0	i understand completely.
1	that's great!
3	i hope whatever it is you're waiting for improves your life.
7	good luck
1	it sounds like you're confident that it will.
8	i'm not sure, but i'm not liking where society is heading these days.
3	i hope the situation sorts itself out.
0	i know.
6	have you tried that?
3	i hope you feel better.
5	i'm hopeful that the deniers will start to come to their senses and maybe we can slow the warming of the earth.
8	i think it was with birthday cake.
6	do you know who sent them?
5	maybe its time for a new printer?
8	i'm sure she will be okay but i would be so nervus
7	congratulations!
8	i went to school for many years through a master's degree, and although it was hard, it was worth it.
8	we're separated by four and eight years, respectively, so we weren't as close as you two seem to be, but i always liked having them around.
7	congratulations i hope you like it
2	i hope one day i can pay mine off completely.
7	congratulations!
2	i hope she found someone who treats her well.
5	maybe he was not watching where he was going
4	i am sorry to hear that, why are you working extra?
7	i wish you guys all the best.
4	i'm sorry.
2	i hope they don't either!
3	hopefully yall can make some time soon to get together.
6	was your order important?
3	i hope you call the cops on them, so they can go to jail for animal abuse.
6	what great ages!
4	that's awful, i'm sorry.
0	i understand, life can do that to you, and looking back always bring fond memories
5	maybe it is something you can talk with your friend about.
2	thats great i hope you get it !
2	i hope you can reciprocate by sending her a birthday message  when it's time for it so she knows you care for her
0	that happened to me too when i was in elementary school.
2	i bet, it can be really disappointing when people bail on plans
5	maybe they just need some time to let the emotions settle a bit.
5	maybe you should download an app to meat people
3	that's really annoying for you but i hope everyone involved is okay.
8	i haven't won on a ticket in a long time, but i once one $300!!
1	it would be nice if the refrigerator company had to replace all of your groceries if their product breaks!
3	that is terrible, i hope you feel better!
3	good for you guys, i hope you have many more happy years together.
8	it was awful!
8	but i have to say, i'm impressed that you were that self-aware about the entire process, especially as a somewhat new adult.
4	i'm sorry for your loss.
4	i am sorry you are going through that
7	good luck!
2	i hope that happens more often for you.
2	i hope my kids say the same thing about me helping them that much when they grow up.
5	maybe she was having a bad day.
0	me neither.
0	i'd say that is definitely true for you now.
1	that sounds fun!
8	i've only been to one nfl game and it was wild!
5	well maybe you can too one day , i hope you do at the very least.
2	well i hope she is able to attend, if not, you know it's nothing personal!
2	i hope you will
5	that is sad, but maybe you'll make new friends at school.
8	i'm a boston boy but i gotta give em props
1	that's great.
2	i hope you get it.
5	maybe i will check it out.
5	you could always post videos to social media in your spare time and see how well received it is.
8	my sister is actually pregnant right now but, i'm not supposed to know about that yet.
3	i hope you're able to get it fixed, and soon!
5	maybe you should buy him lunch to make a peace offering.
3	tell her i hope she gets over the trauma of it okay.
4	i feel sorry for you, how did you reacted ?
0	absolutely.
6	is it vacation time?
0	i know you must miss them while they're away.
3	i hope it's not too painful of an experience.
4	i'm sorry to hear that, i've felt similar before.
2	i hope so!
6	are you part of the play as well?
2	i hope you do.
8	if they didn't buy it, that just means you get to take it down by yourself again!
2	i hope you're well prepared!
1	that sounds so sweet .
3	i hope he appreciated it.
2	i hope to buy a house soon.
0	confidence is definitely a good things to have when going on a date.
6	how sweet!
1	that's great- you should always feel confident in yourself.
7	congratulations.
6	oh man did you forget?
8	i had to pick mine up at the animal shelter.
5	maybe you could take one soon.
5	maybe next time!
0	that has happened to me too.
8	i trust you did well too
1	that sucks.
1	i bet place that is so big you can't go through it all in one day
5	maybe, im not sure yet
5	well i have never heard of god helping with financial situations but perhaps if you pray and scrape together enough money for a ticket to las vegas all your troubles will be gone
5	hmmmm...maybe he just went on vacation?
7	congratulations!
8	er in most situations, were not talking about you trying to do brain surgery tomorrow or anything.
0	i know the lady understands!
6	are you from new york area.
2	i don't believe in god, but i hope you have a good doctor
7	congratulations!
5	you could always give it a shot for a few weeks.
3	i hope it at least turned out ok
1	that's great.
8	i had to work when i turned 21.
4	i am so sorry to hear that.
7	congratulations to all of you - him for working so hard and passing, and you for being so patient and understanding.
3	i hope you can grieve the loss of your great friend in a healthy way.
7	good luck.
0	although i still deal with stress occasionally, i know exactly what you mean.
1	very cool.
5	lol maybe you need to practice more!
3	i hope you find her soon!
8	it was partly why my dad had a stroke and then had health problems the rest of his life.
3	i hope it works out for you and best of luck buddy!
6	why did he left?
1	it is nice to have those memories
3	wow i hope it all works out soon
4	wow, that really sucks, i'm sorry to hear that.
4	i am so sorry you had to go through that!
6	is it working well still
5	did it happen in a parking lot maybe?
8	i bet, i wish some people had better manners.
4	im sorry about that.
5	maybe fitness?
8	go for the dark chocolate its more expensive but its worth it!
3	i hope they start behaving better for you.
8	i was yelling at my boyfriend..
8	well did people  help you get cleaned off.
2	oh, i hope so too!
1	still that happens to me all the time so i wouldn't worry too much about it.
0	well, if that was the culture and climate of that workplace, you are definitely better off not working for them.
6	who got in?
6	oh man i hate when that happens...did you dry it off or change to a new pair?
6	don't give up on your dreams so easily!
3	well that's good and hopefully the next one doesn't do it too
8	even better honestly then you didnt have to deal with the stress of trying and it just came natural!
0	i understand how you feel
0	i know what you mean.
8	i was too, until i started getting out more.
5	maybe he needs to break away from her a bit.
1	that must've been a surprise
3	i hope you feel better soon!
7	congratulations!
6	what kind of bugs do you have?
7	congratulations!
7	wow, good luck.
6	how long ago did this occur?
5	or maybe just hung out there alone?
0	thats exactly what i was thinking about when you asked me this question.
0	they definitely will get you a rum cake
0	even more so when i know the people from my best friend's work so when i can't be involved, its hard.
8	her sisters were a 8 and 9 when she was born.
2	i hope you're okay now!
7	but congratulations to you for reaching a happier place
1	that sounds awesome.
5	maybe you have a hidden talent lol.
7	well, i wish you the best of luck.
4	i'm sorry to hear that
4	i am sorry that someone did that to you..
2	i hope you have many more
2	i bet you will have a great time
1	awesome, good luck on your test!
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
3	hopefully she will learn to replace things as she gets older!
0	i know.
3	hahaha you are going to scream, i hope you dont puke.
4	i sorry the hear that.
4	i am so sorry about that!
6	did you have much damage to your property?
4	im really sorry but i hope soon you can find peace.
4	i am sorry you have a bad back
8	he was lucky to find such a great partner!
3	i hope everything turned out well at the end of it!
7	good luck!
5	maybe turn on the tv and find a show about dogs.
8	as long as you were a kid.
2	i hope you get the job.
4	well, i'm sorry that this was sprung upon you, but i hope you have a safe trip!
5	maybe you need to be a bit more careful until its fully healed.
3	good i hope you do well and stick to it!
3	i hope you get the money back!
2	hopefully you can teach your friend to copy your behavior!
4	i'm so sorry.
7	good luck to you guys who have to deal with the little disease-infested things..
8	i haven't picked one up yet, but i loved all the choices they made on it.
3	well hopefully you can get together with them again soon.
6	was that your idea?
5	any way for you to maybe go to them next time?
8	she hadn't been around too many other people besides her dad, me, and a cousin or two.
2	i hope it ends well for you, though.
8	i was watching a house for a familty member and they're safe was stolen.
1	that is great news.
8	i actually liked retail but the customers and the schedule sucks lol
6	was it a good deal?
3	wow thats great, i hope you are able to do that
6	what kind of food do they serve?
5	maybe you could try putting it on a cute bird feeder so it'll be a little easier for them?
3	i hope you feel better soon!
6	where are you working for your new job?
5	maybe i'll hapen across some of it!
7	congrats and good luck!
0	i know, time fly's by so fast.
2	i hope so too!
7	i wish you will find a solution.
3	i hope none of them found a way home with you.
6	what did you win?
2	i hope you studied for it!
6	oh no, were you able to track it down?
7	congratulations!
3	i am sure, i hope you can get a resolution
7	congratulations girl :)
1	that is great!
3	i hope it turns out well for you
7	congratulations!
0	i know where this is going lol
1	oh wow, defenitly sounds like he was too focused on video games.
1	oh that's awesome.
8	so far we haven't had to dig into the water or food.
7	congratulations.you must be very proud of her.
8	it was a go9d manner i loved it.
2	i hope you have a lot of fun , i cant wait to go on my vacation as well
4	i am sorry to hear that, what were they doing with the money?
1	that must be a cool bar to let pets in.
1	that is awesome, good for you!
5	maybe she skipped the school for the day?
1	i bet you were so happy for her.
6	oh that is good are you dieting or doing portion control?
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
5	maybethey will let you do a payment plan?
2	maybe they make up for it on busy days, like weekends.i hope they stay open so you can continue to enjoy their food.
5	maybe try a freddy mask this time.
3	i hope you can provide them with some help.
5	maybe you should have someone go down with you.
7	congratulations on that!
6	what did you get for preparation?
3	i hope you do well and pass the exam!
5	sorry to hear that, maybe one day you entire family can get along
6	is it her that's got a lizard - bearded dragon thing?
6	do you feel like you did something wrong?
7	i wish you luck and hope everything ends up going well.
2	well confidence is key so i bet you will get the job :)
3	well i hope you have fun!
8	i mean she was able to notice a cat in danger and helped out and all.
7	good luck
7	oh, sending you all the best vibes!
1	sounds like fun!
0	i understand that completely, well i hope you are able to go another day that you'd like
4	i love any and all animals, i'm sorry
6	how are you feeling today?
7	i am sure you will, good luck
1	i would be bummed too.
1	awesome!
1	that is great to hear!
4	i am sorry to hear that.we you expecting somthing very expensive?
4	i am so sorry for your loss.
3	that sucks, hopefully nothing you can't replace.
5	maybe check clearances to stock up for next year soon :)
5	maybe you just need to give her some space.
2	i hope you have a great day!
0	oh, i understand.
7	congratulations!
6	so i take it you are a soccer fan?
7	congratulations, thats awesome
8	i wish it still was.
0	lot's of people seem to disagree with that
8	that was pretty crappy.
4	aww i'm sorry to hear that.
1	that's cool.
5	maybe see if there is a company you can send them to and they'll do it for you.
0	it definitely helps to have a lot of support around you.
7	i hope so too, good luck!
1	oh those definitely sound like some good memories!
2	i hope you do, it's always nerve-racking when it comes to the interview and whether or not your get it.
4	oh, i'm so sorry, can yo retake the test?
4	i'm sorry you fell i hope you're not hurt!
6	how much did those cost?
7	congratulations!
3	i hope you find a better opportunity.
2	i hope you have fun.
8	i wish i had more friends like you.
5	maybe its time to instill a little discipline.
6	what happened?
5	maybe it was just a misunderstanding.
7	good luck.
3	but i hope you have learnt your lesson this way
3	i hope you get to set him straight somehow.
2	i hope you are accepted.
6	wow, have you tried calling it?
1	cool.
2	i hope you have a safe trip.
7	well, whatever you decide to do i wish you the best!
2	i hope he gets it together soon
6	oh well, where did you move?
1	that's great news.
7	that is very good luck you had.
1	awesome!
0	i agree mothers are great.
2	i hope you have fun!
4	i am sorry, that sounds terrible
8	i can't believe your friend did that to you.
8	i would be extra careful if i was driving someone else's car...especially benz!
7	good luck staying away from the dark.
2	i hope everything works out for you!
0	i completely understand i have had my car broken into a few times and had objects that held value and were sentimental to me as well
6	where are you going ?
0	i know he'll make every effort possible to be with you.
0	the meaningfulness is definitely something you can never replace.
0	i agree.
8	i had just soent over 1500 getting things fixed on it.
8	but i do hope things will turn out differently for you soon.
6	did they just not care?
4	i am sorry about that.
6	could you sleep any more after?
3	you just have to work hard and hopefully you'll get promoted next time.
7	congratulations
3	i hope it gets resolved.
0	i know, they can be amazing when they are learning and exploring the world... however, i still don't think having a different colored cup than the one they wanted warrants the response they tend to give.
5	but maybe there is an opportunity here for you...
6	would you skydive again?
2	hopefully, he never gets away again.
8	aw, i love that he had you there with him when it happened.
5	maybe not lol
5	perhaps you could hand deliver those parts.
2	yeah, hopefully they will hire more women soon
2	good luck, i hope you win some good money!
7	good luck, lots of coffee!
1	you must have prepared yourself for this!
3	i hope you would be able to find a new one as a replacement for your favorite dining place
1	oh thats cool, what are you going to study
5	maybe you can hide some of your things, or put them in a safe place.
4	i am sorry to hear that.
2	i hope he has a successful career because of it.
7	happy birthday!
8	it was the best feeling in the world eating it.
2	i hope you get married!
5	perhaps i should have a look then.
2	i bet you will be drinking more then.
0	i know, it feels like it just started.
6	do you miss hawaii?
5	maybe he is more charasmatic.
5	i know it means swallowing some pride, but if it's financial help you need, perhaps you could go the route of gofundme?
2	i hope you have a good workout at the gym!
1	that would be pretty shocking overall!
3	hopefully nothing bad will happen.
0	i agree, i often reminisce about my childhood.
1	she must've been devastated.
7	ah well good luck
2	i hope you get it also!
7	ah thats good.. good luck
4	oh, i am so sorry!
1	that's nice.
3	oh well that doesn't sound too bad, i hope he gets some in return though.
1	it's nice to have supportive people around you.
0	yea i know what you mean
7	i'm really happy for you guys and wish you the best!
6	are you excited to get back to work?
3	i hope you have studied hard so you will do well.
6	did you get her a great present?
8	i love that they didn't forget about you!
0	yes we do i understand i lost both of my parents at 22
5	maybe she needs a break for a wahile
8	but it's worth it in the end.
6	how did it go?
5	still though, she could have maybe been more discrete about things.
2	i hope i can get the family together soon.
8	hope you weren't bit!
2	that's awesome, i hope he returns the favor as well.
6	only water?
1	that's pretty neat.
3	haha hopefully that guy isn't scarred for life or something.
3	i know it stinks but maybe one day you can forgive her- i hope...
1	thats awesome
6	is that a football team?
6	that would make me mad, do you have carpet or hardwood?
3	hopefully she doesn't do it again.
6	nice, how excited are you for it?
7	i wish you the best of luck!
6	oh, so scary, what was it?
4	i'm sorry to hear that, maybe you'll get the next one!
3	i hope you taught them that it doesn't!
3	that's insane, i hope you plan on returning that asap!
3	hopefully, you won't have to walk when it's dark out again or at least have people to walk with you.
0	so i understand
1	that is very nice.
2	oh wow i hope it went well for him that takes a lot of courage.
1	that sounds fun.
8	i spent mine on paying off a credit card in part, which is boring but lead to more money in the long run.
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
4	sorry that happened to you.
7	sounds like you prepared well, congratulations!
1	i feel your pain though.
7	hard work should pay off nice to hear about some one getting back after they put in congratulations.
0	i know that can be stressful.
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
5	well maybe they should think about emigrating south.
3	i hope everything is ok!
6	did you dig it out of the trash?
3	i hope you will find something interesting to do.
8	you'll be great, i wish i was there to see it
7	congratulations!
8	but kids will be busy.
0	i know.
7	i wish you all the luck, but i bet you won't even need it.
5	maybe he was just bored?
6	were you able to recover?
1	oh cool.
2	i hope she gets better.
8	i have had to use a food bank before.
8	i did also .
3	i hope he is in a better place now.
4	i am sorry to hear that.
1	what a cool experience.
5	maybe you should put more effort in teaching her yourself
0	i understand that, i am not either with some of my family!
1	wow that is great, good luck, your gonna need it with twins!
1	that's sounds like a very smart and effective safety precaution.
5	you clocked out maybe with some blood on your shirt, smelling like newborn.
3	take heart and i hope you feel better.
1	that sounds lovely.
8	my husband and i spent most of the money we had on a honeymoon and then struggled for years doing things the wrong way.
2	that sounds amazing, i hope they enjoy it a lot!
5	maybe you could give the $20 to charity?
1	wow that is great!
1	wow, that would be a huge accomplishment if you did it!
4	ugg i am sorry to hear that.
5	maybe they have seen it.
0	i can agree.
4	i am sorry.
3	i hope we move forward to eliminate this issue
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
1	your an outstanding mate and great friend, she must have had a hard time my child hood friend died in a car crash and i felt dead inside for a long time
3	i hope he gets the help he needs.
0	i know right.
4	i'm so sorry!
2	i hope not either but it's sweet!
7	good luck!
2	hopefully next year.
4	sorry about that, but they've been so great in the past, you should feel pride in that.
2	hopefully this will work out well for everyone involved.
0	i'm close to my grandmother so i would definitely need for the doctors to provide the best of care.
4	im sorry for that.
1	that sound like a lot of fun!
1	oh man that is pretty scary.
0	i am sorry, we all have our moments of wanting to go back in time, i know i do.
0	i know that feeling too, at least somewhat.
2	i hope so - good luck
0	i know it can be annoying at first.
1	that's great!
7	i hope you did well and congratulations on law school!
1	that would help me out quite a bit too!
7	oh that sounds interesting, good luck
1	oh that's awesome!
8	that was rude of them.
1	yea that wouldn't of turn out great.
6	who stole them?
7	congratulations, thats great news.
0	i definitely understand that feeling.
6	was it a gift for any certain occasion?
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
0	i know what you mean, i love it so much.
0	that's right, it is supposed to come out  soon, i bet you will enjoy it very much
6	how big is the family?
8	who else was in the car
1	i can understand that
1	that is great!
2	oh boy, i hope he is careful with your car
8	i get why they don't let you get your own beverages but at the same time it seems unnecessary to have to wait for someone to refill your glass.
7	i wish you get it as soon as possible buddy
7	good luck.
4	oh man i am sorry to hear that!
4	i am sorry that happened .
4	i am sorry for your loss.
0	exactly.
0	lol i know the feeling.
6	does she have valid reasons ?
2	i hope you're coming back into a great school.
5	might be worth chatting with hr to see if there are any pointers you can get so maybe next time will go in your favor.
1	oh, i would be scared too.
8	i tried not to give any advice that was too specific, because the best solution always has to come from that person themselves.
8	i would always try to sneak a peak of the gifts when my parents were not looking.
3	that stinks , cheer up and try again
2	well hopefully it is
2	school is starting next week for me also, hopefully we both have a good school year!
1	it's awesome you are doing things for yourself.
7	all the best for your test.
3	hopefully it settled down long enough for you to catch a break.
5	someone had done work on my roof and i think maybe the nail in my tire came from there.
1	nice!
4	yes you are, i'm sorry to hear about you losing them.
2	good, i hope you land one soon!
7	awesome good luck
0	i know.
4	dang that's harsh homie...so sorry to hear that bud.
8	i remember how frustrating house hunting was.
3	so sorry to hear that man.. i hope you get to go very soon
7	congratulations on that.
0	i definitely have a switch on my christmas list!
1	nice!
1	that was very nice of him.
6	what are the pros of switching jobs?
2	i hope the hit will not be rejected.
0	sorry about that.i know how it feels,especially with the family concerns
2	i hope you have a great time!
3	hopefully you can make new friends and explore new places with them!
0	i would definitely not pay and never go back again.
6	what happened?
7	oh thats nice, good luck
4	i'm sorry!
1	thats a nice gift for a cat.
0	i understand.
5	i would call the school and see if they can disclose that or maybe they can accept the card from you to give to her!
8	i think i would like to move eventually, but for now i'm barely learning how to be independent, i started abusing drugs at age 14, now 15 years later im barely starting to "grow up" almost a year sober now.
2	that takes a lot of schooling, i hope you do too!
0	oh me too.
5	definitely both of you :) maybe go to an ice cream parlor or a spa?
7	well good luck to you!
0	that's definitely a good sign!
4	i am sorry to hear that.
6	were you bad to her?
8	i was college roommates with my sister and now we live hours apart.
0	i understand though.
2	i hope your day went very well!
8	i was in the us when i saw it thought it has been a while since it happened.
1	awesome, congrats on your new job.
3	hopefully things right themselves for you soon.
5	yes, and worse case, perhaps you can carry something on board to help relax your nerves, just in case.
1	that's awesome.
5	maybe next time ask her.
3	i hope you feel better soon.
2	i hope you are able to get it done in time - i love cheesecake so i'm jealous i won't be there to eat it!
5	maybe they all came into work early just to surprise you!
6	how was it?
8	haha, was that intentional to get revenge on him/her.
4	i'm sorry for the loss.
0	definitely, i'd look to move on if i was you.
3	i hope it all works out for you.
3	yes, i hope so too.
2	i bet you will do well, sounds attentve
0	me too!
5	maybe you could talk to him and plead your case to get him to reconsider.
2	i'm sorry it fell through, but hopefully you will find something even better, and bonus, you won't have to deal with her.
4	sorry about your bad luck.
5	this happens a lot at work, maybe try to talk to them about it?
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
5	interesting, maybe i'll check it out.
6	did everything turn out okay?
8	i am sure you will find another job, but it doesn't make it any less painful.
1	that's awesome of you!
5	i don't go out much so maybe you should make sure you do that
8	i am sure that was a good day for you
0	i know.
4	i'm so sorry you are having such a hard time.
6	what is that?
4	i'm so sorry.
2	i hope you guys have a great time!
6	oh cool, what was it about?
6	any gf or bf?
1	that is so cool.
4	i'm so sorry!
7	congratulations!
3	that is unfortunate, hopefully you can give them guidance
1	that sounds like it was a gross situation.
7	i wish you the most success.
6	did you make the sandwich yourself or buy it from a restaurant?
8	my husband used to travel all the time for work and it was so lonely.
4	i'm sorry you don't have anyone to share it with!
0	i know what you mean.
8	oh, i didn't mean anything about the age!
5	perhaps it may be unfair to them or that situation if you don't go through with it.
1	that was nice.
1	oh that sounds interesting, good luck
7	great, good luck to you!
1	for me it's pretty bad.
3	hopefully he finds another spot more comfy.
2	i hope so, too.
8	my family was very giving.
7	congratulations.
4	i am sorry, any reason why?
8	me also when i was young.
4	oh, i am sorry to hear that...
6	were you driving fast?
6	yeah?
5	maybe you can visit them more often because you like it there so much.
1	i moved last year and it's both fun and scary at the same time
6	what kind of cookies?
8	not that i think it works, but apparently many people would like to be taller.
8	i bet you did fine
1	ugh that would freak me out!
2	i hope it worked out for him!
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
5	maybe you're right to stick with it there.
3	i hope all goes well for you all!
0	i get it me too i like my own personal space.
4	sorry to hear that.
4	oh, i'm so sorry that happened to you.
4	im sorry about that
5	maybe you'll get a promotion!
5	well were they trying to sell something maybe?
4	sorry to hear about that.
0	i know exactly what you mean.
2	that msut be exciting then, i hope the tickets aren't too expensive.
1	that's awesome, it's nice to feel loved.
8	and how did you learn about him
5	maybe video chat them a bit more, talk to them daily to let them feel your presence
1	that sounds pretty serious.
5	that will be fun, maybe he will even let you play his xbox on it.
2	i hope we both enjoy it a lot!
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
8	my dogs love the outdoors but they want ac after a good, long walk!
6	what kind of prank did he pull on you?
2	i hope you get the job.
8	i suppose, but research and concrete knowledge is more beneficial as it is a very hands on and physical occupation, especially when the health of others are in their hands.
4	i am so sorry to hear that.
0	i agree!
7	wish you good luck !
2	i hope everyone enjoyed the cake.
0	i know how you feel.
3	i hope he is going to be okay.
6	how did you propose?
1	thats nice
0	i understand that, it is not fun to not make money the way others do
3	hopefully the police will find some way to catch the guy!
2	i'm glad she got out, i hope her future becomes bright.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
7	i wish you all the best of luck and will pray for you.
7	congratulations!
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
5	im more scared about them biting me.. maybe one day ill be as brave as you.
4	that's terrible, i'm sorry to hear that.
5	maybe you need to do the same to get even with her
3	i hope it all works out for the best and that you are able to come away from this as a stronger person.
4	i am so sorry.
0	i understand.
7	i wish you the best and make sure you work hard!
6	was it a special occasion or anything ?
7	well i wish you luck my friend.
7	congratulations!
1	sounds great!
2	i hope you don't feel jealous of your friend.
6	how have you been bathing?
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
5	maybe take away phones, etc.
0	i understand.
1	that is pretty unsettling.
0	yea i know that feel its the same for me right now
7	congratulations
2	best of luck to you, i hope everything works out great in the end!
2	i hope you get the job!
7	yeah all the best fo
4	i'm so sorry, but that made me laugh.
5	but, maybe just eat a bit healthier for a few days, and it'll make up for it.
0	i know what you mean lol
6	why?
7	but congratulations still!
2	i hope you win!
3	i hope you don't dwell on it too much and can be happy in the future.
7	sending you all the best in healing vibes, love, and light!
6	have you followed up with your hr department to ask what was missing from your resume or experience that will help for next time?
6	how old are you?
7	congratulations to your aunt!
1	it must have been stressful.
0	me too!
2	i hope it goes well
3	i hope your dog makes a full recovery!
5	maybe you should try something simple like hamburger helper.
1	that is awesome.
4	oh i'm sorry to hear that, were you thinking of buying another one?
5	maybe the bank's fault?
7	great, congratulations
3	hopefully time heals.
4	sorry to hear that.
7	good luck!
8	oh i thought you were eating out
4	i am so sorry.
5	i am sorry, maybe you can hang out with some friends
7	good luck to him and you.
1	i hope it wasn't too scary for you and you can laugh it off now.
1	so nice you are teaching him good manners, those are in short supply in adults these days!
8	i'm not sure that's healthy, but it's also not my business.
2	i hope you have fun and remember it for a long time
7	well good luck with whatever is out there.
7	oh good luck!
0	i understand.
1	i would have slapped him so fast.
3	i hope it goes smoothly and that everything works out great for you!
2	hopefully so, maybe they can make a good run this year.
4	oh, i am sorry to hear that!
6	what kind of park is it?
2	i hope it relaxes you!
6	good luck, are you pretty confident you're going to do well?
1	that's awesome that your friend unexpectedly surprised you.
1	nice.
6	did you pay a locksmith to come get it open for you?
7	good luck!
4	i am sorry for your loss.
8	it's a shame that they were not able to keep the place going in her memory.
6	how's the wrist feeling now?
8	so what did you do then
5	that's not fun, but maybe it was for the best.
6	i guess you got an a?
3	hopefully, you can make it up to your friend next time.
2	i hope you have somewhere to put them all.
5	maybe you need to go to the store and bring her flowers and chocolate
1	i can't imagine how rough that must have been.
1	that sounds exciting.
3	wow, well i hope it is a simple case and you get reimbursed heavily!
6	who are you going to see?
7	congratulations!
2	hopefully i will be done soon.
6	oh, did you have plans after work?
1	wow that sounds really physically demanding, you must be quite strong.
1	that sucks.
4	i'm sorry to hear you lost your best friend.
8	that is awful, why did he do that
5	maybe need to lock the dog in another room when food is out.
8	i didn't know you had to retake the test if you accidentally let it expire.
5	maybe some acting classes would help you loosen up.
0	i know the feelings i had up until my 20's.
2	i have been there, i hope everything works out for you!
3	hopefully you are not to mad because of it.
3	i am sorry to hear that, i hope things turn around for you soon!
6	is her cat microchipped?
1	16 years sounds like a good long life.
2	i hope that you show a lot of passion in your style, maybe with bright colors.
5	maybe i should get my kids a dog for christmas, i know it would be a great choice for them.
1	i bet it will be fun though.
2	i hope you get it.
2	awesome, i hope it is all worth it
7	wow congratulations!
4	im sorry to hear that ... hopefully he gets help to deal with issues
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
0	oh yea i know what you mean
0	i agree.
2	i hope things go well for you too.
2	i hope so
4	yeah that's too bad, sorry to hear that.
4	that's sad news, i am sorry for this news you must have been extra drained after coming back from work from that news
7	that is sad i wish you and your family the best of wishes
7	good luck.
1	lol, nice
1	yikes, that would drive me crazy.
4	i am very sorry to hear that, that must be terrible....
2	i hope you feel better as soon as possible!
3	i'm sorry to hear that, i hope he is in a better place now!
3	cheer up buddy, it's all in the mind
5	maybe they are trying to protect them better, but haven't figured out a good plan
5	maybe you should force feed him some melatonin?
8	i can imagine, that was a pretty big deal!
7	good luck!
7	congratulations.
7	just keep working hard and good luck!
4	i am so sorry to hear it!
2	a simple call would have been nice hopefully he has a good explanation for this.
4	i'm sorry you feel bad about it now.
5	maybe she liked that shagginess!
0	me too
7	congratulations!
4	i'm sorry, that sucks.
6	why would they do that?
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
5	you could always make a collage with your favorite pictures!
7	congratulations!
8	that was some bonus.
6	did you feel bad about it?
0	i am sure it did and i know you will treasure that mug.
1	i would have kept it!
2	i hope you got plenty of photo's?
3	i hope they let you off early next time.
7	i will pray for you, and wish you a good luck in future.
6	maybe you should tell her that, so next time she'll come when you have time?
1	that sounds like it would be really disappointing.
4	i am sorry?
2	i hope it's a boy i love kids.
3	i hope your dog gets better fast.
3	i hope it all works out for the best!
0	that is definitely  something to be proud of.
4	i am so sorry to hear that.
4	aw, i really sorry to hear that.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
4	i'm sorry, are you jealous?
4	i am sorry, are you okay
0	me too.
0	i understand that feeling!
8	my mom was bipolar
2	i hope you named them!
3	i hope everything goes well but i'm sure it will.
7	i wish you all the best.
0	i absolutely feel the same way.
8	i didn't know such places existed.
0	i know there will be something on there!
7	good luck!
5	i think kids should all be home schooled.
1	that sounds like a very sensible philosophy.
5	maybe you should move out?
3	i hope you nab these guys and put them in jail!
6	what are you doing now?
7	thats awesome, good luck with that
3	i hope you make his last days his best and glad he wont be suffering anymore.
1	that's great!
7	congratulations!
0	i know there is someone out there for you, just stay positive and they will come your way!
0	i know how you feel, being young and at the beach was a fun time
7	i wish you all the best.
5	i think ive heard the name before maybe.
3	very true, well hopefully you get some anyway!
1	awesome!
1	it was nice that you had him to turn to for help.
1	that's cool!
6	what happened?
7	congratulations.
4	im sorry i laughed then.
3	i hope they finish up soon.
0	i know, i can't wait either!
0	exactly!
6	did it run after you?
5	maybe that will work for you.
2	good for you, i hope your sister gets well too.
2	i hope it goes well!
2	i hope everything works out for him!
8	i have had that happen.
0	i understand.
8	i was never truly explained the world of "bills"
3	hopefully you have insurance?
3	i hope it goes better next time.
2	i hope so too, it will take hard work but its possible.
2	hopefully she returned the favor?
3	oh goodness, i hope you are okay.
1	that's great!
1	so am i, i would have freaked out if i saw it my bedroom.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
3	i see, i hope it goes well for you!
2	oh, no, i hope you're okay!
2	i hope everything will go good.
8	at least they did that much for you.
5	maybe you could play your own video games?
5	i'm sorry, maybe a nose plug would come in handy
3	i hope it din't take that much to get in.
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
4	i'm so sorry.
2	i hope your dog is found safe!
0	me too!
6	did you cover it up or tell them about it?
8	i mean, how did you see yourself when you were small
3	i hope things get better for you, you seem to be a good soul.
2	that's awesome, i hope you win the contest.
5	maybe you could talk to someone else and try to download it again so that you at least have the software.
5	ah, maybe it will look up for you.
8	surely, it was just your imagination.
3	i hope they don't mess it up now that they are home!
1	it was still a nice thing to do
3	hopefully you an your mom made up, and maybe you got/can get another pet.
2	i hope things continue to go well for ya.
7	good luck on your finals!
0	that is pretty nice to come home too.
8	that was harsh lol
5	maybe she'll be motivation for your friends son.
1	you sound like a hard worker, which is something to be proud of, even though it's kind of wearing you out maybe.
0	it made him a ton of money so i think thats all that mattered to him at that point cause i agree it was crap.
2	hopefully if you worked hard it will turn out good.
2	that is good then, i hope they can fix it for you!
3	i hope you get a breather from that.
3	ah man, that's a bummer, hopefully she isn't too mad and will forgive you!
7	happy birthday to you!
7	congratulations!
7	good luck on that boy!
8	you never get over it, but you do learn to live with it.
5	maybe you couldn't but it sounds like something is going on with her.
5	i think you should
7	i wish you a lot of luck in regaining your muscles back!
8	there's nothing you can do but you need to do something!
6	how do you feel about it/
2	hopefully it doesn't hurt too bad.
2	i hope everyone is prepared for the next step so that you guys can keep getting better.
3	i hope he is alright now
8	but it is much easier than learning to cook myself.
7	congratulations.
2	i hope it works out and your husband can take time off!
5	maybe it tasted good as well.
6	why is that
2	i hope she feels better.
6	oh no, how did he take it?
7	good luck
7	good luck!
0	that happens to me all the time too, it's a treat to remember such great times.
7	congratulations.
3	oh, that is sad, i hope she knows mistakes happen!
2	i hope we both find solice
1	well, best of luck, i am sure you did awesome!
6	that is a great feeling, what are you pusuing?
4	i'm sorry that happened to you
8	well, at the time i was holding out for a similar paying job like i had before but i could not find one and i ended up working fast food.
6	what was it that she wanted?
1	well cool!
7	good luck, and have fun.
0	i know.
3	i hope you don't have to put your friend down, accidents happen.
1	sounds like an amazing day honestly... i hope tomorrow goes the same for you.
1	that's nice!
1	i would be that way too if i wasn't too cheap to spend money.
0	me too.
6	why is that?
0	that's absolutely horrble
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
1	oh that sounds great, i hope you get it!
4	oh my, sorry to hear that.
8	i have two kids but they're pretty young.
5	maybe a better opportunity will come around.
8	my younger brother had the same problem early on, but he turned out to just be a slow developer.
3	hopefully he stays there and catches those rats!!
8	just try to cherish the memories that you was left with, think about all the good times
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
8	that's perfect then, i'm sure you did a great job@
2	i hope you do well on it!
1	that's great man.
4	i am sorry to hear that.
5	well, maybe you won't do it again.
2	i bet you will be balling.
5	oh maybe next time!
6	why do you think it won't come?
8	if you're not familiar with the breed, they resemble jack russell terriers, but they are bred for squirrel hunting.
7	good luck!
4	so sorry to hear that.
5	i'm sure if you explain it to them, and maybe treat them to lunch another day, they'll forgive you, if they haven't already.
0	oh, yes, i know.
2	i hope you two have a great life.
7	congratulations!
3	i hope that they have good insurance
8	but i wish someday after getting married i will have my own.
0	i know that must have been so disappointing!
8	then i just realized how much they had no right to judge me.
1	that's great!
5	perhaps talking to your doctor would be a good idea?
6	was he surprised?
7	oh, well good luck.
1	i can understand why they mean so much to you!
0	i hope you get to buy a new home too.
7	that's great, congratulations
4	im sorry.
3	i hope you can make friends, try to join some sort of activities to meet people.
7	congratulations.
5	maybe you will meet someone at their wedding?
8	that is well worth taking a chance on since the risk of rejection did not happen and the payoff was a good outcome.
6	don't go check!
8	i used to be the social butterfly but now after a lot of trauma i am very anxious as well and i don't care to have people i don't trust around me anyhow.
8	i was the same way about dogs for a long time.
4	i would have walked around with a flashlight until someone felt sorry for me and fixed it
2	i hope so.
4	i cant even begin to imagine honestly im sorry you had to experience that
1	oh wow that's cool!
0	i couldn't agree more,  sometimes it feels like i was a little kid just yesterday.
0	i agree that he has said some things to suggest that.
5	i think you should look to join a club in school!
5	but maybe you deserve a vacation, eh
7	i wish you all the best!
3	i hope you at least enjoyed it a little!
0	yeah me either.
8	i'm sure you did.
3	i am too, i hope we can make a change before it is too late
0	i understand sometimes it uncomfortable to socialize, i get anxiety in social situations
0	exactly, take care of her.
1	i bet that was a scary experience.
6	oh ya?
8	haha but you survied, go you!
7	good luck and try to think about something else before then.
6	why do you feel bad?
0	i'm very glad, and i understand how the memories are.
7	i wish them all the best
1	it's nice that you have pictures to look at and remember old times together.
7	congratulations!
5	maybe you could pretend it is charlotte, the benevolent spider.
4	so sorry about that
3	i hope you get it sorted out swiftly!
2	good luck, i hope they win.
1	that sounds so fun!
6	did you give it to her?
7	wow good luck, i'm a big fan of watching mma myself.
6	why did you have to do that?
8	you know something worker_1, everytime you feel good about something, it always means that you did good!
4	i am sorry, just be yourself
2	i hope it went well for you.
6	have you talked to him about it?
8	it was a wonderful job.
6	did you buy anything else?
2	i hope it turns out well whatever it is.
7	i wish you the best!
4	im sorry.
1	must've gave them a good chuckle.
7	congratulations, you certainly deserve it :)
8	i've had so many embarrassing things happen.
4	omg, i'm so sorry.
1	thats awesome.
6	how big is your house?
1	i can understand that.
0	i know that feeling., although i had to buy my own.
8	i remember struggling with that too when i did my test.
0	i know that feel
4	i'm sorry.
2	hopefully the car holds up.
8	i've had trouble with changing my diet before.
2	well, hopefully their friendlier mood will last a while.
0	i do agree with you
5	i think you should pass it down to your grandchildren.
2	that is awesome, i hope it goes well
8	but, also that you most likely won't have long to make a bond, play, etc.
8	i bet people have had those stuck in their feet before
1	sounds like fun.
4	i'm so sorry to hear about this
2	hopefully he doesnt decide to stay at your house forever!
4	i'm sorry.
8	but at least your husband is there to assist when in need.
5	maybe explore some other options and see how you feel.
0	i know.
0	i know the anciptation of giving big presentations.
7	good luck!
5	maybe it'll workout and they'll try to be nicer.
8	(cause i didnt have many friends).
2	i hope you have a good time there.
3	i hope they don't affect you too badly.
6	did you end up placing the order?
1	that really sounds like your brother is going through a rough time.
7	good luck!
5	maybe next time you'll get to go and he'll have to work!
5	i do miss that as well, maybe it will come back
3	i hope not.
7	well congratulations, spoil yourself with it!
2	that is good, i hope nothing went wrong
1	oh thats a nice suprise
3	that sucks, hopefully you can come back from that
2	that's right, it is supposed to come out  soon, i bet you will enjoy it very much
5	maybe you can swap toyotas for a day :d
8	i am much happier now than i ever was.
8	i wonder if he was trying to prove something.
2	i hope you have lots of fun!
2	i hope i will still be helping my kids when they are grown up.
8	and what movie did you guys see
4	sorry to hear that.
8	but america is so great now!
3	it will get better, its always darkest just before the dawn
7	congratulations!
1	that was nice of her ha
4	i am sorry you are feeling lonely.
2	i hope it turns out the way you want it to.
7	congratulations!
6	was he drunk?
1	that sounds like a lot of fun!
2	i hope you enjoy them!
1	oh cool!
8	good thing your boss was available.
8	being a kid was so easy.
4	i'm so sorry.
6	no police were involved?
2	i hope you do very well!
7	good luck
1	that sounds cool.
0	yes, and i know there are still some fans around now too.
3	i hope things get better you two.
4	im sorry, i have been there before too many times.
6	oh no, your cat fell out of the window?
6	oh?
6	were you any good in high school or was it just fun?
8	long distance can be hard but honestly absence makes you love them even more!
8	well i am sure it was a good experience
8	i am sure he/she understood you were just nervous.
8	i don't, if it were up to me we would all be artificially inseminated and men would be kept like livestock.
5	maybe you will get lucky and they will come in the mail sooner.
6	are you going to take it to a technician?
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
0	yes, i know i wouldn't mind riding the donkey or mule down there.
5	maybe your luck will turn around soon!
2	i hope they aren't too bad about waking you up in the morning.
0	yeah i know i dont get why people are that way
5	oh no :( maybe you should confess and i'm sure you will feel better
3	well maybe you can too one day , i hope you do at the very least.
0	i agree, cheating isn't rewarding.
3	just try your best to let go, i know it's tough- but people everywhere are way more successful then you and way less successful and you don't compare yourself to them i hope so why focus on one random guy just because he's your brother.
2	i hope you don't spend it all too quickly.
7	i have, and i plan to travel the world in 1-2 years with my wife, spain is amazing, you're going to enjoy yourself i wish you the best
6	what happened?
1	that's an awesome name.
5	maybe you can get your brother to invest in homes, and you all start a business.
0	me too!
0	it definitely can't hurt.
3	i agree, i try not to think about that, hopefully they will learn to treat others better.
7	congratulations, it sounds like you've really made it.
8	the first one i ever played was pokemon blue.
2	i hope he does well.
0	that's right!
4	i am sorry to hear that.
7	congratulations.
8	you probably did it for good reason.
6	why not?!!
0	i know that feeling for sure.
8	it seems cliche to say they were simpler times because i remember them saying that back then about when they were younger.
2	i hope you have a really strong relationship though.
1	that's a nice car!
5	maybe he is trying to do what he thinks is best.
1	she sounds creative
3	o no i hope you tried to stop him
7	congratulations!
7	congratulations!
8	i will go out on a limb and say she didn't hold up her end, hope you get your garden back bright and beautiful
0	i agree.
3	i hope it helps!
1	i bet it was a sad day then.
0	i have a very hard time focusing on what i'm reading, so it can definitely slow down the learning process.
7	happy birthday!
5	i'm sorry you won't get to see him this weekend - perhaps you can have a nice long phone call or skype or something to catch up until you can see him again.
5	perhaps then put something so they cannot get in
2	i hope everything goes well for you
0	i know they take hockey seriously up there, so your friend must be pretty darn good.
6	oh wow, was it scary in there?
6	did the dog bark at him?
2	i hope you have an awesome time!
8	i've had it and it's not bad.
5	maybe give it one more try, and if you continue to like it, that might be your sign to stick with it.
2	i hope so.
2	then its a no brainer,  i hope that you make alot of money there.
4	i am sorry
3	i hope you can see her again soon.
5	maybe try and understand why they believe in the things they do?
3	i hope it gets easier for you as he gets older.
7	congratulations.
7	i wish you more success in your education.
0	i know the feeling.
8	i've always wanted to but never have.
5	maybe she was tired or something.
1	i can understand your apprehension.
4	i'm sorry to hear.
5	maybe next weekend will be better for you!
8	i was very close to mine.
5	well, maybe the time in bed will help you relax
1	i feel you!
8	it's hard to be accused of something you didn't do.
6	what caused the accident?
0	i know what he meant to you.
3	i am sorry to hear that, i hope you are able to succeed eventually!
4	sorry to hear that
1	that sounds so relaxing!
1	i bet your anxiety was through the roof, i've flown a lot and still that freaks me out.
8	from what you have told i cant go there what else did you see
3	it will get better.
6	you mean new house?
1	that's great!
7	good luck.
0	i agree wholly, quite an impeccable spectrum.
0	i agree, it is good to have something to look forward to.
8	at what age did he get to finally relax!
1	ah, i see.
5	maybe your cat started a family somewhere in nature)
5	try not to get too mad, maybe he had a good reason and didn't want to share it.
2	i hope you don't learn a lesson the expensive way.
4	i'm sorry you are going through that.
7	wow, congratulations!
1	hm must've been a big goldfish.
7	i wish you healing and comfort.
2	i hope you have a great time!
6	do you feel like you are prepared?
7	good luck in your next storm!
3	i hope for your sake that you don't have to, either.
6	did you have a flashlight?
2	i hope that you are getting better!
4	i am sorry, they are sweet animals
6	so what happened?
0	i understand,  if a pizza is more than 10 dollars, im not paying.
6	when is the due date?
4	oh wow i'm sorry, but your health is more important!
5	maybe to a dog park also.
1	that sounds lonely.
7	i wish you both all the best in the future.
2	i hope to move into a house next year
7	congratulations!
6	never seen it, is it that scary?
2	there are many types of loans out there, so hopefully you get one!
4	i am sorry.
1	that's great.
6	oh nice, have you met them yet?
7	congratulations!
1	that is pretty scary!
4	i am so very sorry.
5	maybe your husband should tell him.
7	omg congratulations!
7	i wish you lots of luck and adventure while you're there!
6	how many did you have to kick to get out alive?
7	i wish you luck for being so selfless!
7	congratulations!
0	i agree with you
2	i hope you have a great time.
7	nice , good luck for your new season!
5	maybe or at least recovered your basketball!
2	i hope you are prepared.
6	no locks?
6	why do you feel embarrassed?
1	that's great to hear!
5	maybe she just isn't ready.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
7	congratulations to him!
6	is it ok?
0	definitely.
6	did you check the last place you had it?
0	stressing yourself out can definitely cause a problem
6	what kind of job is it
2	oh wow im the same, i hope she gets it, its really stressful
8	it is hard to recover from a binge like that, but do a few thousand situps and you'll be good as new!
1	sounds like a lot of fun.
3	i'm sorry to hear that, i hope your luck changes up soon!
4	sorry to hear that, what happened?
7	i wish you the best of luck!
4	aw sorry to hear that...why is she moving
6	what car is it?
7	good luck!
8	everyone knew he was going to do it though
1	as i a child i imagine that would be incredibly scary.
6	moneywise ?
5	idk ourselves maybe?
4	i am so sorry ab out that i hope things get better soon
8	then you get to the bowling alley, try to do what they do, end up getting 3 gutter balls in a row, and fall flat on your butt to boot!
1	wow, that sounds terrible.
4	you totally aren't sorry.
5	maybe it might be worth trying again now, with another doctor?
5	i see, that's too bad but maybe there will be more marathons you can participate in in the future.
8	i don't blame you, but we have to help our struggling siblings out!
0	as someone who deals with lonesome moments, i know how that feels.
6	were you able to save your meal and get some more milk or something else to drink?
8	i wish i still enjoyed them as much as i did way back then.
7	good luck!
6	did you catch the culprit?
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
3	i hope you feel better!
3	well maybe you can practice and get better at it for when your baby is older.
0	i know its hard for kids to look at the longer, bigger picture of life sometimes and just what he's going through now.
5	maybe see if you can do your grocery shopping to.
6	does he do that often that is not ok
6	are you happy for him?
0	absolutely!
8	its nothing like when i was growing up
8	oh i didn't realize your brother had control of it because he slept there.
0	some days you can work your hardest and make absolutely nothing.
2	i hope she is okay.
3	i hope insurance covers.
7	good luck with your diet!
4	i am so sorry!
6	that is good, how long have you been married?
7	well good luck!
3	i hope you just walked away dude.
4	i'm very sorry for your loss.
1	you may try talking to her or taking her out for a nice, quiet dinner.
8	i haven't had pizza ht in forever.
4	i am so sorry that your family is going through this horrible time.
0	hell no it does not , these people out here stealing that is exactly why im afraid of buying from e bay , a lot of bad reviews
4	im sorry to hear that, how old was the pet?
7	i wish you the best of luck, study hard and you'll do well!
2	hopefully the next world cup will surprise just as much.
1	thats great its always good to plan ahead
8	it's not fair - but i suppose the opposite view is that if they make enough money then you don't need the support that otehr people do.
2	hopefully she can find something else quickly so she doesn't worry so much
6	have you contacted an attorney?
3	well, i hope it doesn't happen again.
2	ok, well i hope it comes out ok for you.
8	can you find out who it was.
1	well i hope he cleared it up - that is not a nice thing to wake up to!
3	yeah hopefully all the hoopla over the first day distracted everyone.
0	i understand.
5	maybe something in your life  makes you very stress.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
6	how did that work out for you?
2	i hope you realize your worth too.
3	i hope you're able to cover all of it.
3	i hope you got a warranty on it.
6	what color is it?
1	that must have been exciting.
6	has she been to an eye doctor or just a general dr?
2	thats awesome i bet she will too!
0	i agree!
0	i get that some too.
7	congratulations!
3	i'm sorry you're having to go through that, i hope you're able to sell the home for a better price.
0	absolutely, never be a victim.
8	but that means you can ride with him that much sooner.
8	it is good you were patient too for him to pay back
2	i understand, i hope you do something special with it then!
2	hopefully you will get to wear them on your next trip to the beach.
4	that's too bad, i'm sorry to hear that.
6	i hope it wasn't 1 or 2 miles high?
1	that's great!
2	hopefully he got the point and wont ask again.
0	it worries me too
0	all people are the same.i understand why you feel ver sad and i guess frustrated too
4	oh my god, i am so sorry to hear that!
3	dang, well i hope she has a wonderful future!
8	yep, i just feel it was a simpler time back then.
4	i am so sorry!
4	sorry to hear you had a wreck but thankful you had insurance
6	where you going?
2	i hope he is able to fix it for you.
5	maybe they found a lover to share life with.
7	congratulations!!
4	i am sorry you have had a difficult time.
2	i hope you do too!
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
7	that is a bummer, but congratulations on the highest score, that is something to be proud of.
8	i guess a lot of people say 3 strikes and your out, i'm done, but for me, i dont care who you are, i just dont give even second chances to most people!
8	i was sure to check my statement and make sure there were no suspicious transactions.
8	it was so devastating.
1	that is awesome, thanks for taking the time to help kids grasp a new language!
8	i mean, working from home is great, but doing it on your own time is way better.
5	maybe you can get her a gift and some sweets to make up for it?
2	hopefully youre enjoying it?
3	i hope they do well!
2	whoa i hope you guys have a great honeymoon.
4	aww i'm sorry you didn't like it.
0	i completely understand, i hope they will call you soon so you won't have to
2	i hope the medicine works well and you are back to normal very soon!
2	i hope you rewarded yourself after all of that hard work!
2	i bet he will love that.
0	my mom got her degree recently as well, so i know the feeling.
8	accidents happen but come on pick them up.
0	me too, i am looking forward to winter and christmas, much better in my opinion!
7	happy birthday to you!
2	i hope you have a great trip!
2	i hope you get it!
7	congratulations.
2	oh i hope you do get the job!
7	good luck with that.
6	what is going to happen in september?
7	oh good luck man!
6	did you find any good deals?
8	that's the way to do it, you will be thankful you did in the long run!
2	i hope you do well then
2	i hope he gets to do fun things now?
3	hopefully your niece feels better now and hasn't lost too much.
1	oh i see!
6	oh no, what's wrong with your dog?
0	yes, i agree it's a big concern.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
5	maybe ask him next time to turn it down?
1	that sounds so exciting get ready for sleepless nights and long nights gambling.
4	im so sorry, i can not immagine that
1	nice!
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
2	i hope you do, too.
5	maybe.
4	that stinks :(  i'm sorry it's so hard for you.
0	me too lol
7	wow, congratulations on getting a new job!
8	everything was in the end, but at first not so much.
4	i am so sorry.
0	i know the feeling.
8	my mom took me back to the store and made me talk to the manager.
5	you should celebrate with a drink or a nice dinner out maybe
2	i hope you're able to meet your goal!
7	good luck.
6	that's cool, what is the position?
8	but its okay to cheat a little every now and then!
6	wouldn't you rather just be yourself?
7	good luck!
7	you will be awesome glad it is something you are exciting about doing good luck.
2	i hope you make it through!
4	i'm sorry.
6	have you had your cat a long time?
4	i am so sorry.
8	it isn't easy to be successfully self-employed but she did it!
4	i'm sorry it didn't come out well for you.
8	you did good.
5	maybe you can get a tutor this time.
1	that's so awesome!
7	good luck.
0	not exactly the same situation, though.
6	that sounds fun how long has it been since you have seen her?
8	at first i didn't want to but as i got better i started to love it.
7	congratulations!
2	i hope it goes well for you.
1	that is great.
6	what is something you've always wanted to learn?
5	perhaps next time the bill arrives, say something like, "ok, so that's $25 each" and take out $25 and put it on the table.
7	i bet it is, good luck with tha
6	it seems as though everything turned our ok, right?
4	sorry to hear that.
1	i bet you were so mad!
6	were you planning on buying?
6	did you apologize to him?
3	hopefully you have better weather this weekend and can get out!
2	i hope it's for the best
4	i am so sorry to hear about that.
4	i am so sorry to hear about your dog, did you rescue her?
1	wow i would be upset too if i were you.
8	i never did want to hold it, but i was curious enough to touch it!
8	that happens sometimes but i'm sure you will make a lot of new friends in your new job.
7	i wish all the best in her future endeavors.
5	maybe its time to launch your art career full time.
3	hopefully they release a beta so we can play it earlier.
8	i wants had a smoothie that was terrible there
3	that is very unfortunate, i hope things turn around for you my friend!
1	that must have been so relaxing!
7	congratulations on making a plan and sticking with it.
0	i know exactly how you feel.
6	was your aunt nice to you?
5	maybe it went better than you thought!
5	even i love anime and i stopped watching tv a few years ago, maybe i shall return.
2	i hope you're not too tired and stressed.
1	uh oh, well at least you won't be a lone when you watch a scary movie.
8	i have tried juggling 3 small objects before and felt like it was impossible.
5	well maybe you will get a good overall grade and pass!
0	man i know that feeling.
6	didn't you check your bought items more thoroughly before putting them in a bag
0	well, you definitely deserve it then!
6	how did you find her?
7	congratulations.
5	maybe going to the lake will cheer you up?
3	well i hope that it all goes your way!
0	i agree, second chances are awesome.
1	it can be pretty scary getting ready for a new environment.
1	that must have impressed you a lot.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
8	i moved to small town and didn't have many friends at first.
4	i am so sorry to hear that.
8	oh, i could do that if i didn't have bad teeth and can't handle the cold.
7	good luck!
3	hopefully it turned out okay though?
6	how old is she ?
5	maybe keep it simple, and do different things each year.
3	ah, there you go.
0	i understand that completely
2	hopefully you can avoid that, the swab to the back of your throat is a gross feeling!
7	good luck to her, are you envious?
4	oh no i am so sorry to hear that.
0	definitely
7	wow congratulations!
3	i hope its just the weather and not a cold
3	i hope you guys have a fun time.
4	oh sorry to hear that.
1	i don't blame you, i would be scared too.
6	what happened?
2	that's awesome, i bet it'll be in a nice secluded resort!
6	did you ever get cheated on?
8	i get that, but things are still better for those around you, so it feels bad still
8	i wonder if it was out there having a homeward bound style adventure.
1	wow that's great your are so lucky to see it
3	hopefully they are thinking of you.
7	good luck
8	but these things happen in life
0	i know.
7	thats true, but i hope some good luck comes your way soon..
4	i'm sorry, i'm sure you find one soon.
2	well i hope that it turns out well!
6	did he get hurt?
3	oh, well i hope the tides turn for you soon!
1	that is great, definitely will help your gpa.
2	hopefully the good part outweighs that, though.
7	good luck.i bet you are ready for this exam.
8	i always just knew people but never got close.
8	i wish i had kids.
8	i keep saying i want to go but never do.
0	i know what you mean, i long for the day when mine grow up and go away to college.
6	im sorry to hear that.. old age?
8	i do too, tn, but i can't think of a soul food place here.
5	maybe there's something that can be worked out, since you just purchased it.
1	i am sorry, that sounds gross
1	that sounds like a good movie!
1	those are nice feelings to have
5	well yeah, maybe it's for the best
2	i hope you like it and above all that you study something amazing
5	maybe he needs a long break!
2	i hope he  or she rewarded you though
1	its nice to have a friend like you.
7	i wish you luck in that, the chances of winning the lottery are super slim!
5	maybe someday you will be able to pay it forward.
5	maybe someone kicked you in the eye!
7	congratulations!
0	i know the feeling when you get the items you ordered.
7	congratulations!
4	awe, i am sorry to hear that.
2	i hope you get the promotion!
4	sorry to hear that.
3	i hope he learns his lesson.
7	good luck!
0	i know you will be great in the end.
3	i hope they come back and everything is fine though.
3	it will get better.
8	but at least you can trust your wife and kids!
4	i'm sorry you went through that.
6	impressive, what do you plan to do with the degree?
6	did your younger brother let it out or something like that?
4	i am sorry to hear that.
8	but this doesn't have to define you.
5	maybe you will win next time.
3	i hope you find it soon!
7	good luck to you!
7	and congratulations ahead of time, doctor!
0	me too!
5	maybe you'll see her next time.
6	what show was it?
2	i hope so, is your car in bad shape?
5	maybe he/she had a significant other.
1	i hope your mom can understand , it was an accident and everyone makes mistakes
5	maybe the restaurant you ate from wasn't clean?
8	i never got into cod and i tried overwatch when it first came out but i wasn't very good.
0	me too, its the only place i get to get away from my wife's constant nagging.
7	congratulations.
7	congratulations.
6	was it pretty popular?
2	well, i hope you get better soon.
6	what are you going to do with your amazing gift?
0	that's a definite plus.
6	india or something?
2	i haven't been to the zoo in a long time, i hope you have fun.
1	oh that sounds like fun!
0	well, i hope you did the right thing and correct their mistake.
2	i hope you cherish this friendship.
2	i bet you will do great!!
8	i didn't go back
4	i am sorry, i guess some friends just argue like that
8	i didn't know those were real.
5	oh, i am sorry to hear that, maybe next time!
8	i wish i was with my family.
8	my mom did too.
5	perhaps she's turned over a new leaf.
1	cool.
3	ugh... i hope you can find peace.
4	okay, i am sorry that it was not up to your standard.
4	i'm sorry you're upset.
4	i'm really sorry to hear that.
2	hopefully, your hard work payed off.
7	good luck
7	congratulations!
5	maybe you should do a party at your house and invite all the neighbours
7	congratulations on your pregnancy!
6	was it fun?
5	this is normal, maybe you should take so time alone to think about how you really fell about the situation.
8	but at least christmas is around the corner.
4	i'm so sorry.
6	did the guy get caught?
2	i hope he's doing well in school!
7	well good luck to her then.
1	hahaha awesome!
8	it was the homeless guys last day
0	i know how you feel i can be lonely sometimes.
2	i hope he enjoys it!
6	what a lovely gift.
4	oh, i'm so sorry!
2	i hope everything turns out good for you two!
5	maybe a bubble bath too.
0	i understand they can live a really long time.
6	is he not obeying your rules?
1	awesome, i love pasta.
3	i hope you receive more flowers in the future from your loved ones.
0	yeah, i agree.
1	nice.
4	sorry to hear that, thats disappointing when people pull out last minute.
6	why are you nervous?
0	i understand.
1	thats awesome.. how long did that take
5	perhaps it's deer?
4	oh i'm sorry.
2	i hope you guys have a lot of fun!
3	i hope everything goes well !
5	maybe you can catch up on some sleep?
6	what did the note say?
4	oh, i"m sorry to hear that!
8	i don't think i've ever had a honey bun...
8	oh no, please tell me that did not happen to you today.
3	i hope they can take it back for you.
4	i am so sorry.
0	i agree everyone is just self-centered and it's very annoying to communicate with those people.
8	lol i was like please tell me this was a positive experience...
2	hopefully you get there then so that you can repay them!
3	i hope it works out for you.
7	i wish you the best of luck on your proposal and the possibility of it becoming a reality.
2	i hope you do well
8	it's disappointing to deal with your uncle's negativity, but you can't let it distract you from moving in a positive direction.
3	hopefully its a treatable disease!
5	maybe you should watch some netflix.
0	i know it is hard to go through periods of struggle.
2	i hope they win this one too.
0	i was hesitant to agree to share the apartment with it, as i'm not the most fond of them.
7	i wish you all the best!
4	sorry you have to deal with that, because i know i hate living in it!
2	i hope you get re-energized.
0	i would definitely take as long as you need, so you don't put unhealthy pressure or expectation on the animal to live up to a memory it can't live up to.
8	you need to tell them what you did
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
2	i am an older student too so i hope things go well for me in school.
1	i would have totally screamed!
0	oh geez, i know how that is.
2	hopefully she can get some permanent ones soon!
3	i hope the best for you.
2	hopefully he'll be the next usain bolt.
8	i did white cabinets and painted my countertops.
2	i hope you remember the poorer folks like me.
6	or are you a saver?
8	i went to ireland in july but i bought the tickets in march so they were pretty cheap.
6	what was it?
2	i hope it all turns out well with good news there!
1	aww, it's nice to relive those old memories sometimes.
6	for your job or mental health?
1	that is great news.
6	were you late?
7	good luck
8	haha, that wasn't very wise.
0	me too.
7	congratulations!!!!!
5	maybe you should ask i think that's the easiest way of discovering what is better for you!
1	sounds like you know what to do.
4	sorry to hear that!
5	maybe you should slow down and only drink a bit at a time.
7	good luck with your project!
1	that's pretty cool.
1	mayabe you can do something nice for them when you get back on your feet.
2	i hope you have your whole life ahead of you yet
8	omg, that had to be embarrassing and a mess to get up.
0	i know how you feel.
3	i hope he does soon!
3	yikes, i hope you have insurance.
1	wow, that was super nice of him.
4	well, i just have to say how sorry i am that you had to let he go.
0	i agree.
4	sorry to hear that.
0	that is exactly what i did for mine...20 years ago.
4	i'm sorry.
0	i was definitely scared.
1	that's a good idea.
0	i understand.
5	maybe you will find a better apportunity to get there
4	i am sorry.
1	wow, thats awesome
1	that sucks.
7	oh man, good luck!
8	we have two dogs now, but used to have cats, too.
2	i hope your travel goes smoothly.
5	maybe you can go the next day.
3	hopefully you can go back and get it!
6	how old is she?
8	i don't know anything about horses, but congrats on winning the bet
6	did you complain?
6	was your friend much changed?
4	that's awful, i'm sorry.
2	i hope you have a great time!
4	i'm sorry, how did she take it?
4	i'm so sorry!
7	congratulations.
0	i think i know what i am having for dinner tonight.
2	yeah, i hope you be one of the good cops, not like the current ones
4	oh i'm sorry.
5	maybe you should give him a call?
5	maybe a different facility could help?
0	i could agree with this
2	that is incredibly kind of you, i hope he is a good driver :)
6	is she somewhere safe though?
3	oh my, i hope you dont feel scared living alone
0	me too.
3	i hope you pay her back when you can.
1	that's too cool i would love to get a puppy some day
7	oh congratulations to your friend!
8	hope it wasn't too expensive!
1	oh that sounds ominous!
5	maybe someone will let you borrow some?
6	have you spoken to anyone close to you about it?
1	that is great!
8	but it will be a good one.
6	how long have you been together in this relationship
4	i am so so sorry to hear that.
3	hopefully it will not be too hard.
7	it'll be a good experience at the very least, good luck!
3	well i hope it works out for you!
8	my day was pretty good.
7	congratulations on your raise!
2	i hope that it turns out well!
5	maybe it's possible to find it!
8	or it could be they are ready to move on but need to know someone else will be interested in them.
1	oh that would be really frustrating.
7	hey, congratulations.
5	maybe next year will be better!
5	maybe i should give it a try
7	congratulations.
4	sorry to hear that, i'm glad you were prepared.
5	that's hard, but at least you know now and can perhaps move on.
2	i love ferraris, they are so expensive though, one day i hope to own one.
6	anything in particular?
7	well good luck with that
4	i am so sorry about that.
4	i'm so sorry to hear that do you try andspend a lot of time with her so she doesn't feel that way?
3	hopefully you will see great returns this year
1	that's scary.
2	i hope you can find another job soon.
5	maybe i should get over my fear and finally ride one.
0	i know how hard it is to lose weight.
8	but these are very little chances to count on and hope for
7	good luck with any future business ventures.
1	sounds scary.
8	it was a bit simpler than all this adulting we have to do.
1	oh, that sounds rough.
7	good luck!
4	sorry to hear about that.
4	i'm so sorry you had to go thru that.
1	cool well i hope you get what you want
1	that is great.
2	smart move being ready, but i hope you stay safe regardless!
5	maybe sleep with a night light on tonight :) sweet dreams!
5	maybe i should conquer my fear of heights that way, too!
8	i can imagine it was something wonderful.
3	it will get better.
5	hahahaha maybe they are thanking you
2	i hope you do amazing on your interview with them.
6	for college?
3	i hope in the future you can do that so that you can feel like you're getting what you've earned.
3	i hope nobody in your office is the easily offended type!
4	i'm so sorry to hear that...
0	i know, you just never know how she will handle a dangerous situation.
8	he did not do anything bad to you.
1	i can understand that for sure, just remember the good ones
2	dang, well i hope these things don't happen again!
5	well, if that's how you feel then maybe it is best if you stay in the dugout and don't play the field.
1	that is awesome to hear , i bet the pays good too
5	what if what?
6	how was it?
5	maybe she should have just quit!
1	that was so nice of him.
2	i hope you are able to fnd one soon
7	i wish you luck and success with your house!
2	i bet that will be fun
2	my daughter is 3, so i hope i can get her into a program like that!
7	congratulations!
2	i bet that will be fun.
5	maybe you are out of her league!
1	you must have been very confident up there.
5	maybe she will find a new one soon.
6	wow, did he forget your address?
7	good luck.
6	what made you doubtful that you would get paid back?
7	oh thats really cool, good luck
8	you will be able to say you saw him before he was famous!
3	hopefully it works out for you
8	i wish i was that close with my family.
3	oh that is quite strange, i hope nothing has happened to them.
8	if it makes you feel better i would be your friend if i was there
7	good luck to ya.
5	maybe you will get it next year
8	well at least you wasn't the only one next time double check for everything before hitting the shower.
6	wait, what?!
5	going swimming on sunday, relaxing and maybe grocery shopping on saturday.
1	awesome.
7	i wish you the best.
8	buying a home can be nerve wracking but in the end it's worth it!
7	congratulations!
2	i hope you do well on your exam!
8	90s music was great.
1	oh, that sucks, best of luck finding a good laptop!
8	some people would find it annoying that their parents still want to baby them, but i say you shouldn't take it for granted.
4	sorry to hear that.
1	that must have taken some preparation!
8	ugh, i did the same thing today!
5	maybe you should tell him how urgent the oil change is.
6	how sad for you.
6	why?
6	do explain.
3	i hope everything goes well
3	i hope you find the peace that you deserve and know your pet loved you!
2	i hope you do well
0	that's definitely a plus for us.
8	still over my head, but you did a decent job of explaining it in layman's terms.
7	congratulations!
4	sorry to hear that.
2	i hope he can do so quickly!
8	it took me many years before i learned to have complete faith in my wife.
8	i didn't even realize in mid michigan we did until i almost stepped on one..i had a panic attack too lol
3	hopefully she doesn't blame you.
7	congratulations and i'm sure you will do fine.
0	i know someone with that.
5	maybe i'm too gullible as well because that would convince me!
3	hopefully next time she'll think more about how her actions affect you.
3	i hope he gets the jon.
6	what do you think that you'll have ?
1	oh that's cool.
1	that's awesome.
4	im sorry to hear that.
4	i am sorry to hear that, i wish you luck!
3	i hope so too!
1	nice!
1	wow that doesn't sound like a very good relationship.
1	hey, that's awesome!
3	oh wow that sounds scary, i hope your alright?
2	i'm glad you find you life partner , and i hope everything goes the way you guys planned !
2	lol i hope your friend understood and they can still meet up or communicate and if things work out it's a funny to tell in the future.
4	i am so sorry to hear that.
7	congratulations!
6	did they apologize to you?
6	that is great, do they enjoy it?
7	good luck.
5	it could've been a ghost or maybe a robber?
1	awesome, i'm happy for you!
1	i see, you must have felt very happy about it!
6	do you think it will work out?
8	i don't remember a time when it was that cheap anywhere in the world
6	gold club where?
3	i hope they come back with the desired result.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
3	understandable, that's very unfortunate hopefully they will disappear from your home
0	you're right it is a father's responsibility to protect his family.
4	oh, i'm sorry to hear that.
7	good luck
0	that would definitely be a difficult thing to find out.
8	luckily the phone didn't fall and crack the glass!
2	dang, i bet that'll be better than that racist papa john's pizza!
1	that's cool.
3	i hope you can fix it!
5	maybe you can make it up to them somehow.
3	i hope you can learn to forgive them for it.
1	that's pretty rough.
7	congratulations!
0	me too.
8	no i can but i didn't want her to have it and not me.
4	my send some nice flowers and a sorry card.
7	good luck with doing well.
1	sounds fun!
5	maybe you like cats instead?
0	i agree and it's full of commercials no one wants to see.
4	i am so deeply sorry!
0	i agree, your talents would be better suited elsewhere.
1	woah, that sounds like a very unpleasant experience.
4	im sorry, im sure it wasnt your fault
4	oh man that's terrible :(  i'm so sorry.
4	i'm sorry, i didn't mean to be rude.
4	i'm sorry.
8	i had to try to make friends and see my parents when i could.
6	are they almost done with it?
2	i hope both of our spouses get a job
8	well i had to call my landlord once to get back in my place.
3	at least you have learned your lesson, i hope?
1	that sounds fun.
8	well, then it seems like it was a good choice.
4	i am so sorry!
3	hopefully you guys are better now!
8	we were able to work out a plan, but she had to get a loan temporarily.
1	oh, very cool.
8	i had one parent like that
0	thats exactly how i feel, i have hanged out with them and its always kids crying and running around
6	how much did you win?
8	i do like being alone sometimes but if not then i just want to be with someone i trust- they are not always available.
5	that is crazy maybe you should check offer up and that is crazy i dislike when people steal what is yours especially something you really need.
6	can't you just leave food out?
4	sorry to hear that.
3	hopefully that little mishap doesn't cot you anuthing!
1	it sounds like you have a fulfilling job.
3	true, i hope you can fight those urges.
8	oh well that's too bad but their behavior is not right or fair, and they will deal with the consequences of that themselves.
2	i hope you remain friends.
6	have you ever been there before?
1	it was on the carnival imagination cruise, it was awesome!
0	i know the feeling.
3	scary situation loosing a card...hopefully you get your new one quick!
5	maybe you should have a talk with her
5	maybe its time to change locations?
1	i would be too.
7	i wish you well with your new contract.
8	i've been to cancun but not cozumel.
5	i think you should fumigate your home
3	well i hope your insurance company sues them.
4	sorry to hear that, i know that you probably feel disappointed but there will be other opportunities!
8	i can imagine it was a great experience, not sure if i will ever have kids.
8	if i were your co-worker and you told me that, i'd lend you at least a couple bucks for the vending machines or something.
6	any memories in particular stand out?
0	i know how upsetting having a sick pet can be.
5	that is really great that you are able to follow his advice and maybe each day will get a little bit better.
7	well, i don't want to pry, but i hope everything is going well for you now and wish you all the best.
4	aww, im sorry.
6	do you paint your face and buy everything from your favorite team?
5	well, i hope you get to talk to him more and maybe can get over there for a visit!
0	i understand!
1	that is great news, hopefully it goes well.
2	but i hope you have a lot of fun, especially since your husband went through so much effort.
1	he must have a rich family.
5	i would maybe hit him or get revenge at least
6	anything exciting on the horizon to treat yourself?
2	i bet you two will have a great time together.
8	ok, if that's what you decide to do i believe you have had time to think it through
1	that is a scary thing to witness.
1	when you get good ones, it's awesome.
4	im sorry :( how long has he been missing for?
6	what's making you so unsure about it?
0	i understand.
0	oh me too!!!!
3	i hope so, hope is still alive, and have you search everywhere?
4	i am sorry you have to deal with that.
4	i'm sorry you were embarrassed, but i'm sure it sounded wonderful!
5	well, maybe it's an opportunity for introspection.
6	did you get it out?
8	it can be hard, but its possible
3	i hope you don't either!
2	wow, i hope you do get a nice bonus.
6	i bet, what did it look like?
7	that is a good mindset, i wish you the best of luck with that!
2	hopefully it carries on when he's an adult and he becomes another good human being that we have few of
5	hmm maybe try some propolis.
3	my condolences, i hope you are doing alright now.
2	i hope you find a job you love, and don't forget that they have lots of payment options.
7	congratulations!
8	i used to love the piles of leaves when i was younger.
3	i hope it's not too bad!
2	i hope he has a great career ahead of him!
7	good luck!
4	sorry for your loss
0	i know what you mean.
2	i hope you got a good deal on it.
2	i hope it goes well as i've heard those can be tricky procedures
5	maybe the weather will change by then
7	awesome, i'm happy for you, good luck!
4	ah, i'm sorry to hear that, is it for work or something else?
1	he does not sound like someone who is good to work for.
5	maybe he misplaced it.
5	maybe you should confront them about it.
0	i agree!
5	yeah, maybe you should get her a gift of some sort.
4	sorry for the delay.
6	what will you get her?
2	i hope it all went well for you.
2	i hope they at least gave you your money back.
2	i hope you shared with others.
0	me too.
0	i agree.
7	i wish you and your family well.
4	i am sorry, i am sure he is just being nice for the sake of not getting in trouble!
8	i get that, but all seasons are good, you miss the ones that it is not
2	hopefully it stays that way for you.
0	me either.
0	i know i was when i was getting ready for mine,
6	how long have you had him?
2	i hope she gets it!
7	well i wish you good luck on that one!
1	that's awesome.
4	i'm so sorry.
7	i'm glad that she has things going for her, and congratulations to you!
8	im sure they were very grateful for your help!
0	tell me where you live so when you do i know where to go to collect my share
6	is your dog ok?
6	what was in that burrito?
7	i wish you the best!
0	i know that is something that i would even ever consider.
2	when i have kids, i hope they're the same, and can get into sports, since it offers so much.
0	it can always happen with pets and it is a drag to clean, i know.
4	i am sorry for your loss.
6	did your girlfriend like that
4	so sorry!
0	i know, it's like it's not that hard to just put them in an ash tray or put it out and throw it in a trash can.
4	oh, i am sorry to hear that
5	maybe i will look into it.
6	where are you going
0	so i know how you feel.
5	well, i am working my way up to taking a flight across the oceans perhaps one where i'm in a plane in the sky for over 8 hours.
1	sounds like you did a great job raising him.
1	dang, that sucks.
8	it's very hard sometimes, like running an orphanage but it is rewarding as well!
8	but still annoying but  at least you getting it for free now
0	i understand.
8	tell your chief it was your assistant who did it
7	i wish you two the best with your new futures.
7	good luck with your learning
3	i hope you got/get the job, and it goes well!
8	was it a quick flu
2	i hope you're prepared for it.
8	it was a korean movie.
3	i hope everything works out for you, i know how hard shut downs can be.
8	it is hard to start but i'm sure you will make new friends at your new job!
8	thankfully he walked on past you but what a horrible experience all round.
2	i do not have children yet, but hopefully in the future.
5	that sucks, if it had been in the coffee shop maybe it could have been replaced.
0	that is definitely the attitude to have.
0	aw i know that feeling since i had a big brother.
4	so sorry to hear that man.. i hope you get to go very soon
8	i wish my brothers did that for me.
7	ah, happy birthday in advance to you.
6	i'm in the uk - when is labor day?
4	sorry to hear!
6	do you miss playing with your cat?
4	hahaha sorry i just assumed you were 5 years old or something.
4	i'm sorry.
7	good luck!
2	wow, i bet it will be a really good dog then.
7	i wish you the best of luck!
1	i see them now and then.
8	but it's another if you think it's neglect and that they're not responding appropriately to the situation.
2	thats good,  i bet she will have such a fun time.
7	congratulations!
0	i know what you mean.
6	what makes yours awesome?
6	was it a scratcher ticket?
0	now i understand why you were positively surprised!
5	perhaps they could find the culprit that way.
3	well there you go, at least you a got a positive out of a negative situation haha!
0	i know how much it stinks to feel left out of everything
6	perhaps he thought the same about you?
4	i'm sorry to hear.
4	i am sorry for the loss.
8	or they were just bad people.
2	i hope you don't get any weird power outages.
3	hopefully more places will get self-checkout so we can get through the line faster.
3	hopefully you get to video chat with him
4	wow i am so sorry to hear that, my grandmother passed from cancer about 10 years ago
5	that is frustrating, maybe you should switch banks and keep separate accounts, or use a credit card instead.
8	and they always get nasty with you like it was your fault and not theirs!
7	well good luck.
7	good luck on the test!
2	i hope you guys enjoy your time there
7	congratulations on your graduation!
4	i am so sorry to hear that.
7	i wish you luck anyway!
0	i'm a reds fan myself........i know the braves have a good chance of winning their division and i agree, probably not made for a deep playoff ren.
0	i know what you mean, i'm really really shy too.
4	i am so sorry.
2	well, hopefully he is as good as sherlock holmes and saves some lives.
6	don't rush or settle and i am sure you will find something perfect.
0	what exactly were you referring to
5	i think that should be on my bucket list though.
8	but later my dad hired a maid.
6	oh, that sounds amazing, was it a good thing?
1	i now that must have been a let down.
7	great, i wish you all the lucky in the world.
7	congratulations, that's great!
8	i wish i was chris pratt but why do you wanna be "the pitt"
5	maybe they went to see a movie?
7	congratulations, thats amazing.
5	i would be worried for my family safety, maybe get a guard dog?
7	congratulations and good luck!
3	i hope he does, for his sake.
0	i understand.
5	not sure they could/can *do* anything about it, but still -- maybe you've helped pay it forward to the next visitor!
0	definitely.
3	i hope they don't do it on purpose to annoy you!
6	awh that does sweet of you, what kind of pet is it?
3	it will get better put your foot down and maybe say no in a nice way to not step on any ones toes.
6	hopefully not something ebarassing?
4	im sorry to hear that sometimes people grow apart.
6	have you ever said anything to him about it?
8	well, then it wasn't too bad.
7	congratulations to your brother!
6	why do you say that
1	that sucks.
4	oh, sorry to hear that.
2	i hope she's still doing well!
2	i hope they like it
4	i'm sorry to hear you are going through a rough patch.
3	i hope it goes well.
4	sorry.
2	i hope your back can improve as well as your odds on the lottery.
1	i wish i had a cool friend like you!
1	that sounds fun!
1	i bet you had a fun and joyful time watching it.
0	i agree.
2	i hope you have a wonderful time!
1	must have felt so satisfying.
0	i understand.
5	maybe they will give you something to make up for it
3	i hope you have been able to cope.
1	that sounds so appetizing.
4	oh wow, i'm sorry to hear that!
0	i know how you feel, you don't have to sell it buddy
6	have fun!
7	well congratulations!
6	did you help her study?
8	only ones i enjoyed was mw1, mw2, and bo1.
0	i know that feeling.
5	if it's your relative i think that everything should work out for good.
1	ohh thats nice.
1	that sounds like a really cool profession
3	i hope you can find a different animal companion!
5	well maybe you can complain and get some money back or something?
7	congratulations!
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
6	how caring of you.
0	i know what you mean.
2	that is so sad, i hope you find him.
1	haha... that sounds awesome.
3	things can always get better, just remember her and honor her the best that you can.
7	congratulations.
1	cool.
3	hopefully he pays you back and not ruin your friendship.
1	memories like that are nice
6	was this the first year this particular team was together?
2	i hope someone throws me one one day.
7	congratulations on the kid
5	maybe the weather had something to do with it.
7	hope you're healthy still and congratulations!
1	wow, that is huge, they must have abosrbed kids from another duck or something
3	ah i hope it turns out well for you
6	oh no, did it take you a long time to figure out what the issue was?
0	exactly how can you go there not being able to trust your coworkers
3	things will get better soon.
5	maybe one day you could repay them?
3	that's unfortunate, hopefully they develop or allow you access to some medicine that can help you manage that pain.
3	oh no, i hope you feel better soon.
4	i am sorry to hear that.
2	i hope so, and i hope you do good in the tournament :) just rest that finger and let it heal.
3	oh no :(  i hope there's someone you can stay with
3	hopefully next time you remember!
7	good luck with that.
7	congratulations!
0	i understand, maybe things will improve for you!
3	i hope they are good cooks.
7	congratulations!
8	but you have to do it otherwise you wont be able to trust her.
8	i never did a long distance one.
8	you did!
4	aw i'm sorry.
8	mine broke too this past weekend but i got a new one as it was just a cheap dirt devil.
2	i hope they aren't too much of a handful until then!
2	i hope she is getting the donations she needs to keep doing this.
4	oh damn, that sucks so much, i am sorry, but if he is your good friend you should be happy for him, maybe something better awaits you
7	good luck!
8	oh i am doing the same thing but for a different reason.
6	did you say something to the flight attendants?
6	how long ago was that?
3	i hope you do not have to do that
1	that is pretty fun to do.
3	hopefully you do better at the course this time.
3	i hope you have a reliable mode of transportation!
3	hopefully you can take some time off and go see them soon!
1	that must have been nerve wrecking.
5	you may feel a little guilty and i understand that, maybe run to the store and pick up more?
5	that's sad, maybe you were meant to be with your ex though.
7	congratulations!
2	i hope they do too!
6	what are you studying?
7	congratulations!
8	it is kind of odd to look at ourselves from that long ago, and we didn't even realize what we looked like usually at that time.
1	that's awesome!
8	it's a good thing that he was there to take care of it.
6	oh that's frustrating, have you told them how you felt?
2	i hope so too.
3	i hope that gets resolved soon.
2	hopefully you do go to college.
2	i hope it comes back.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
8	i had similar situation with my friend last year
4	i'm sorry you feel a bit homesick.
7	oh wow, congratulations!
3	it will get better.
1	cool.
2	i hope that you do!
6	you didn't have anyone to go with?
7	congratulations what type of work will you be doing?
0	you're right, sorry for putting words in your mouth.
4	my sister doesn't even say bless you if i sneeze lol
5	yes, i think people that work these jobs should call in sick when they are not in a mood.
3	well, i hope you can recover from that as time passes.
6	what time is it where you are - 1am?
1	that's awesome!
6	exciting, what concert?
6	what is driving your happiness?
7	i wish you and your family the best!
8	it does take a lot of planning but it is so worth it.
4	i'm really sorry to hear that.
3	i hope he gets better!
8	it was expensive!
0	it's definitely much better without the rain.
2	i hope she cheers up.
0	oh yea i know the feeling
6	how come?
1	oh nice.
8	luckily nothing happened, but better to be safe while driving.
2	i hope you do!
7	that makes sense, well i wish you the best of luck!
3	i hope you make the right choice!
0	losing a loved one is definitely one of the hardest things in life.
3	i sorry to hear that, i hope you get it back.
5	maybe even a little jealous?
3	cheer up buddy, everyone have experienced that at one point or the other
3	i hope we never sell my grandmas home.
6	how sweet that is.
2	i bet no one else will mess with her either!
8	i had the first iphone and wasn't impressed so i never tried again.
3	i'm sorry to hear that, hopefully she naturally mellows out.
0	i know it can be disappointing.
1	yeah that's pretty unacceptable.
8	of course it was, but next time you'll handle it better.
2	well, i hope it works out well for you!
2	i hope she gave it back to you when you needed to use it yourself.
4	i'm so sorry to hear that.
8	it's very difficult to do, but i think i am going to do it.
5	maybe you can make some weekend trips to do fun things.
3	hopefully you get a good's night rest tonight.
5	i always try to do things to avoid thinking about things like that, maybe you could do the same!
2	i hope it stays that way for you.
2	i hope you'll win!
1	cool, you guys can race and whoever loses gets a new one
3	i hope the next time around you get it!
3	thats really a bummer then, i hope you can get them back together.
1	that's awesome.
4	sorry your brother is a jerl.
1	that would suck!
5	you never know what kind of person it could be, a predator perhaps.
6	are you ready for it?
5	perhaps it would be wise to close them at night
8	one year we had one hit a school in moore and a few children died.
2	nice, hopefully you many good writers and keep in touch with them!
0	i'd definitely talk to her about why you didn't allow her to go to that party, and maybe she'll realize that what you're doing is for her own good.
6	are you done growing?
1	sounds like a store you would find in daiagon alley!
3	hopefully he can take constructive criticism, i think more people should be open to that.
1	nice!
6	how did you feel when she did ask you?
7	i wish your friend could teach my dog a few tricks!
6	why?
4	im sorry.
7	congratulations.
6	what do you have on?
1	it doesn't matter how little the effort was, it matters if it was nice!
4	i am sorry you are going through that
5	also, maybe this is something you can put on your resume and it will look good in the future.
5	maybe go on a couchsurfing tour of the world!
1	that sounds great
4	i'm sorry, i hope he recovers!
6	do they have.
3	hopefully that is the first time that has happened.
0	i know exactly what you mean.
0	me too, i hate driving in it.
3	hopefully well
7	i hate driving but good luck.
6	why is that?
2	i hope you take lots of pictures so you can remember the trip.
4	i sorry to hear that, i hope you get it back.
3	i hope that never happens again.
0	i completely agree.
6	did he go home with you?
5	maybe you can get a promotion if you get it all done.
4	i'm sorry i hope it nothing serious.
6	did you speak to a counselor, priest, or family member about it?
4	i'm sorry you went through that, i hear that addition is tough and often starts after having a major surgical operation.
8	you are lucky to have had her
5	maybe you should get married!
3	i hope your okay!
0	i know how you feel.
1	that is awesome.
7	congratulations!
5	maybe next time text or talk on the phone a little bit to see if you will have something in common.
1	that was very nice.
0	and you're right, i probably shouldn't have brought up getting another one so soon, it just sounded like you'd be a good owner, since you seem like you care so much.
3	she might be hard to be around, but i hope you spend some time with her.
7	that's great, congratulations
8	he lowered taxes.
5	maybe you should take a different class.
0	i know how you feel.
7	congratulations!
3	sometimes, though, it can strengthen communication -- hopefully they've been able to visit?
0	oh my goodness, that sounds absolutely terrifying.
5	maybe try asking the neighbor about him?
0	yeah i know what you ean!
5	maybe you should complain to the city
2	i hope that she enjoys it.
5	but i think you should  stop gambling
6	how long?
4	i didn't, sorry.
2	hopefully it works out for you
1	i would be so devastated too.
8	was the dog okay
6	what did you try?
3	i hope it turned out to be a blessing in decise.
4	man, i am truly sorry.
8	i was just about to mention that you should be careful that its not a scam of some sort.
3	i hope things start looking better for you.
1	thats awesome, congratulations for sure
3	i hope to be that kind of mom when my kids are adults.
3	hopefully, you pass at least.
3	i hope you have fun.
3	i hope you can work it out with them, but if not maybe finding another job that is a bit more accomodating would be beneficial.
7	again, i wish you had been treated so unkindly.
4	i am sorry.
4	i am so sorry that happened.
6	have you considered going to rehab?
6	will he go to college?
6	surely you didn't mean that too?
1	i feel that, plus it's nice not to have to worry about returning it.
4	sorry to hear that.
5	maybe you can call them?
2	hopefully, you won't meet too many mosquitos!
7	i wish you the best of luck!
5	well maybe you will be able to start a new habit of waking up without it.
6	i feel that way every day almost, did you ever end up doing it?
7	awesome, good luck on your test!
2	hopefully, she seems really smart.
2	i hope it goes well for you!
1	wow that's awesome.
5	but still maybe you learned something about it?
7	congratulations are in order then?!!
0	i will definitely give it a try.
6	what school is she going to?
3	i hope it sparks a lot of new conversations for you both.
1	that does not sounds good!
8	i have had great success doing keto and fasting for not feeling so hungry!
0	flowers are definitely beautiful.
1	that sounds so fun!
3	oh, i hope you seek help for that
2	i hope it's not going to do any damage!
3	uhoh, i hope they dont have a late fee or anything attached to it
0	i know it is hard to see loved ones sick.
2	i hope you have many good years to come as well.
5	maybe next time will go better.
2	i hope she recovers soon.
2	i hope you enjoy it.
5	maybe if there's a hot dog one i can enter it too.
1	that's great!
1	i bet it was, college is such a great time.
7	congratulations!
2	i hope you have a good time!
6	what's going on?
1	that's pretty scary, hopefully they can get him some meds and he gets to come home.
7	congratulations!
3	i hope the results are good.
2	i hope you can propose marriage to her when you meet with her
1	awesome, you'll be able to make friends at work.
3	i hope she got her stuff back
2	ugh, well i hope the best for you, that it is all nice and intact when you get back.
7	good luck!
7	congratulations!
2	i hope she feels better soon!
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
3	i hope it turns out well for you
5	maybe you need a better diet, or sleep schedule, or meditation, or an exercise routine.
2	that seriously sounds like the best birthday ever... i hope you guys have an awesome time.
8	i remember doing something similar when i was younger.
1	nice to hear.
7	i wish you continued love and success with your marriage.
3	i hope you have other games that you really enjoy.
4	oh,so sorry about that
6	oh, you're starting up again soon, too?
0	you are right.
0	get out and meet some cool people (easier said than done, i know).
6	did you prepare for it?
1	nice!
7	congratulations!
7	well good luck with your future projects or your future job.
3	i hope you can make it!
2	i hope it does and you can keep going there!
0	i know it must be hard
8	was your pregnancy planned
2	i hope you guys have a great time!
4	i feel really sorry for the dog.
2	i hope you do.
6	what are your vacation plans?
5	maybe is time for vacations?
5	you could always do that but maybe exploring on your own can give you a different perspective on things.
5	maybe ask her to set the time when she can return it so you have a better idea when to expect it back.
6	ahh, do you still have friends there?
5	oh, maybe that's a sign to bring fun and adventure in your relationship?
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
5	maybe you should talk with him and let him know how serious of an issue it is to you.
8	but i hold my tongue
2	i hope she will be okay.
3	i hope you are able to make the best move for you.
4	i am sorry.
1	that must've been awful.
0	they accomplish the opposite of their goal when they become too overpowering over their customers.
3	hopefully they at least paid you overtime.
3	hopefully the neighbor called someone else to come help?
1	it can be pretty scary.
1	nice!
0	i understand
0	i know, there's nothing like true love .
8	i wish public transportation was better in the city.
1	that would have ruined my lunch quickly
6	does she know it is broken?
6	did you get i?
2	i hope you win!
4	i'm sorry.
1	that sounds so annoying to deal with.
4	i am sorry to hear that.
6	let me guess, they are trying to overcharge you?
5	what did they advice , any martial arts schools around your area, maybe start your kid in it
1	oh cool!
2	i hope things go well for you and you meet someone who makes you very happy!
5	maybe she should take some art courses.
1	it sounds amazing!
7	i wish you good luck..
7	congratulations!
0	me too.
7	congratulations!
2	if he is guilty i hope he gets what's coming to him.
3	i hope that it does not.
0	yeah i can understand, it's definitely a pleasant surprise.
6	i remember those days, what subject?
5	or maybe just a camera
7	i wish you the best of luck!
3	i hope everything is okay now.
5	maybe a recruiter from a good college will see them play and give them a scholarship!
8	i didn't know they were recreating that game!
8	i'm not sure what you might be going through but do consider making sure youre eating a good amount of fruits and veggies.
4	i'm sorry, that made me laugh.
6	is he young?
5	maybe you need a distraction.
2	i hope you do well!
3	i hope she's at least at peace now.
6	anything serious ?
1	oh i would be mad at them too!
0	that is definitely a no- no
8	oh i enjoyed board games when i was little too
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
7	congratulations.
6	what were you wanting to buy?
7	congratulations!
5	maybe he will get it.
8	i've tried, but i'm pretty garbage, haha!
1	that sounds like fun!
4	i am sorry that happened to you.
3	i hope it works out for him and you
2	i hope he has a good time in college.
6	do you not like to cook?
0	i understand, i hope you do something special with it then!
2	hopefully your kids also understand and aren't being a handful.
7	happy birthday!
6	did you apologize to her?
1	oh wow it sounds like he is doing great, i hope he feels better soon!
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
8	it's great that you both were able to work it out.
8	if i was in a higher class i'd of straight told them to quiet down.
8	i'm not quite sure what you are telling me, but handling work and school is certainly hard
4	sorry this happened!
0	me too, i am so excited, since the eagles just won last year!
3	well i hope you here back from them and they will give good news.
4	i am sorry you felt that way.
6	did you cry?
7	i wish you the best of luck!
0	i know thats right, i dont know how they survived without electric
3	good luck, i hope you get a raise!
6	is there another class you can apply for?
3	it'll get better
7	good luck in your camping.i hope you have a lot of fun.
7	good luck!
3	hopefully it isn't as bad for you as it seems, but just know that that mistake has happened to several people that i know of, so you're not alone.
4	sorry to hear about your mother.
5	maybe you could invite some of your friends over to ease your mind a bit.
1	yeah that must have been a trip down memory lane.
1	thats awesome!
7	i wish you all the luck!
1	thats nice this time of year..
5	its a small world... maybe we even work at the same place.
6	how many kids do you have?
8	you cant go back into the past, but you can keep moving forward
7	one day when you are successful, i hope you pass your good luck forward!
1	that must have been really annoying.
5	maybe you should put them back in the oven for a bigt?
0	yes you did, it will definitely pay off!
4	oh no, im so sorry!
2	i hope she doesn't let you down!
5	that's a good idea, maybe take her on a cute date sometime as well?
0	you definitely made my day.
5	maybe you shouldn't do that again.
6	oh yeah what kind of boat?
1	well that sounds terrible, i am sorry
1	i would have too.
3	hopefully he survived the incident
1	oh no, i'm so sorry to hear that, it must have been hard on you
2	hopefully he won't fall off the wagon.
1	i can understand your pain.. feel the same way
2	hey, that's good i hope both do a lot of catching up 
4	i'm so sorry.
4	im sorry to hear that!
0	i know it stinks to get excited about plans and then have them fall through.
8	but it seems like a lot of politicians either don't care or are not putting enough resources into combating climate change.
1	that is so scary.... you must have been terrified your baby too!
2	thats a sweet man, i hope you acknowledged his kind gesture.
4	i'm sorry it happened to you.
6	pay off debt?
2	fingers crossed, i hope the presentation goes well.
1	that's pretty cool!
3	yeah, i hope you won't either.
2	hopefully it doesn't happen again because that's very scary.
4	sorry you have to live in a not so desirable neighborhood
4	well, i'm sorry you did not enjoy it
3	i hope they're not still mad at you!
8	but i would understand that you wouldn't want to have to deal with the after effects.
8	we had a foster dog do it.
8	well, at least your friend was there to help you out.
5	maybe he will understand.
8	i'm pleased that you did not.
4	i'm sorry you felt that way.
2	congratulations, i hope you get a raise.
8	moving to a new place can make you uneasy, but once you make a couple of friends you'll get over it.
8	at least you didn't get into an accident.
0	you definitley had something to be proud of.
4	i am sorry.
6	how many days to go then?
3	i hope you can one day overcome your fear.
0	i understand.
5	perhaps some pigs helped you out with that?
7	congratulations too!
2	well i hope everything goes very well for you
7	well good luck and i'm sure you will.
5	maybe he'll go and buy some candy from the candy store.
5	just make sure to take responsibility and be very sorry for your actions, maybe it won't be so bad.
0	i know right.
6	lol that is so funny how did you do that was anyone around?
6	what is that ?
1	that sounds super fun, i love florida and orlando its quite awesome.
7	that's awesome, congratulations!
3	i hope he feels better soon.
6	did they give you a raise?
8	i wish i had such good friends like you do!
3	i hope everything is okay.
5	i think you should have talked to the hostel management to help you out on this as well
1	that is really cool!
2	i hope you two have a great time together.
5	there not a lot we can do.maybe presure the local politicians
5	i hope you continue to adjust to your new surroundings, maybe you will end up loving dallas, who knows!
2	great, i hope they are not just a good interviewer, but a good worker as well!
7	good luck with that, its rough out there.
5	i think you should try and relax.
8	i bet it did!
8	my teacher had us dissect fish as well and i prefere that much more for some reason
7	congratulations!
1	that is pretty awesome my dude.
4	i am so sorry that happened to you!
3	i hope you are not sad for too long.
3	i hope you're okay.
4	i am sorry that happened
5	maybe make a nice dinner and do the dishes after.
7	wish you all the best
6	or borrow one from a friend?
0	wow that definitely sounds like a crazy situation!
7	oh good luck on it!
7	then good luck tomorrow and knock 'em dead!
1	that's awesome!
1	that's even more awesome.
1	nice, you must be really anticipating it.
3	hopefully she will learn quickly that it's better to get her school work done quickly
0	i know the feeling.
7	good luck!
1	i see.
2	i hope you're able to get everything out of the trip that you want to
6	what did you eat?
6	where you just use cash and put money in an envelope, when it's gone, it's gone, nothing left to spend.
5	i think you should keep them instead of throwing them away.
2	i hope so too!
0	i understand.
2	hopefully you find a passion that utilizes your hard-earned degree.
6	what did you do?
0	i agree, it's better to overpack than underpack.
3	i hope you feel better.
2	i hope you are enjoying your time there.
5	maybe you should try and find something that your good at and do that!
6	dont we all
2	i hope you will get a job and your friend will get a gift!
5	i understand, maybe things will improve for you!
8	your family was being polite.
7	congratulations.
5	maybe you can make it up to them.
0	yes i agree
4	am sorry, maybe you should wait until they are restocked
1	he was a cool character.
1	that's awesome, cows are amazing
2	i bet you'll have a great time!
4	sorry to hear that.
5	maybe you can find a similar place around you!
6	how come?
4	oh wow that is horrible, im sorry for your loss
3	i hope so too!
0	i understand your feelings.
0	me either!
8	i wish i had more of that type of friends
8	your are torn between him being a man but you still think of him being your little boy
1	that's great, your hardwork totally payed off
0	i can agree.
5	i think you should just show up anyway
5	maybe try going out to concerts or clubs or sporting events, somewhere you can find people with common interests
1	that's pretty cool!
0	i know how you feel.
1	that is awesome.
8	man... its been a long time but, i remember those days.
1	that does sound good
8	it was not your fault.
0	absolutely, it is one of my biggest pet peeves, especially when people accuse me of lying too.
5	maybe next could be a promotion.how knows?
1	that's great!
1	you must have felt really happy!
3	be like, hopefully i dont spill this one on me too
8	well at least you didn't run off after it happened like some would have done.
1	the light up ones were the coolest.
3	i hope you guys will still get to spend quality time together and of course, get some rest in.
1	cool i lived in palm beach county for 2 years.
6	did you give him tips?
1	i see.
3	haha hopefully not :d
5	maybe you should take him in and feed him.
0	me too.
5	maybe ask a friend to help keep you in check
2	hopefully he doesn't have any accidents in it.
7	good luck with that.
4	oh no, i'm so sorry to hear that, it must have been hard on you
7	congratulations on working up the nerve to fly!
6	the guy's ok with it?
7	good luck.
6	what breed is it?
0	you know exactly what to do
5	or maybe a good meal?
3	hopefully it might be reconsidered later on.
8	i'm a stay at home mom and honestly it's the hardest job i've ever had but the most rewarding one :) i told my husband i want to keep having kids so i won't have to work again lol
0	i know how you feel.
2	hopefully our giant has the same deal lol
3	hopefully he's caught soon.
3	i hope short!
1	holidays are always a nice time to get together.
3	hopefully it would be filled with children like yours
8	well, you should.you did a nasty thing.
0	i know!
3	i hope your days have been better since!
2	i hope you can make her realize how grateful you are by being faithful
6	did you go to the gym?
8	hope they were bad ones
8	i still have some toys my grandma gave me when i was a baby.
2	hopefully, the meeting goes well.
0	i know how that goes.
8	potentially, he seemed a bit deadset, but we do not know too much all in all
7	thats awesome , and happy birthday !!
1	nice, it all starts with determination first.
1	that's awesome.
2	well good luck and i hope you have a great time with your friends and school
7	i wish you the best of luck.
5	maybe you should get a new one.
6	have you ever had one?
0	i know.
0	i know how costly healthcare is.
3	i'm sorry you are having to make that choice, but i feel it's our duty to them to help them pass on when they are not going to get better and help them not suffer any longer.
1	we were all very sad because he was such a nice pit
8	that was so mean
8	oh that's hard but i'm sure you will get yours too.
4	i'm sorry.
7	congratulations!
4	sorry to hear about that.
1	that is exciting and scary all at the same time
7	congratulations!
6	that bad huh?
4	i am sorry to hear that, you must miss them.
8	i had a very close relationship with my sister too.
2	well, i hope everything turns out okay for you.
4	sorry you had to see that
3	ewww, i hope you complained so they can fix the problem!
0	me too.
1	that is a nice surprise!
3	i hope you hold onto them in a safe place.
7	well i wish you the best of luck.
0	i know.
7	congratulations, she must be a quick one, i was always the slow one at the back of the pack.
3	i hope everything is okay.
1	awesome!
3	hopefully, another position opens up!
5	maybe you should try letting your girlfriend know how you feel.
1	that's always awesome when the kids approve of him!
5	it sounds like it's maybe not the best place?
8	i would be mad, we had that problem all the time at the last place we lived.
2	i hope so
2	i hope they are better now.
2	i hope you get it.
5	hm.. judging from your conditions, maybe mcdonald's isn't the best place for your to eat anyway!
4	i'm sorry, that's quite disgusting.
7	i wish you luck and make sure to stay hydrated.
7	well if you do decide to go through with it, i wish you the best and quick healing!
8	they are having a good season, but have had many bad ones.
4	i'm sorry to hear that.
7	i am sure you are going to find right one too, good luck
2	sounds like an amazing day honestly... i hope tomorrow goes the same for you.
5	lol maybe one day your son is still small you have lot's of time to save, i think i will look into it for me and my family for our next vacation.
7	i would be too, congratulations
4	i am sorry to hear that, hope you get some more?
3	well, i hope they've figured it out together during this time.
6	are you excited?
6	dont give up tho!
5	i sold off a lot to pay bills but if i wait for it to go back up i can maybe recover 1,500.
8	i live in missouri, but before that i lived in kansas.
1	that's pretty nice that you would help her out like that.
1	that sounds horrible.
7	i am not sure what that is, but i wish you luck with it.
7	i wish you had a higher self-esteem.
2	hopefully he hasn't changed too much and you guys still have similar interests!
3	i hope it hasn't done too much damage in the meantime.
7	good luck!
6	did you all have some drinks together
4	i'm so sorry, you should see if you can find him on social media!
3	that's no fun, but i hope everything works out for next semester.
7	congratulations!
6	what artist is gonna be there, now i am intrigued
6	is the alternative of staying sick better?
6	how did he die?
8	i've had shows that i've loved that have ended and it's like losing a best friend.
5	depends on what way you're talking about maybe physics 1 or maybe calc ii.
1	oh that sucks
4	oh, i'm sorry.
3	i hope you can spend some good time together then.
6	what are you planning on doing there?
8	but i'm on a budget and it's where i have to go.
6	are you going to save up?
5	maybe next time have a huge meal before you start baking.
4	oh wow im sorry to hear that.
8	we have a cat too but he stays outside on the farm.
5	yeah but maybe we'll fall in love instead?
2	i hope everything goes well
3	well i hope youre ok.
2	i hope your wife makes it happen!
4	i am so sorry to hear that.
6	were they having a big wedding or a small one?
5	that does suck, well maybe you guys can work something out to see each other every so often.
3	uh oh, hopefully there is something you can do about that!
3	i hope you get to use them at some point, because they should be worth something.
1	sounds like a good time!
3	i hoped you swatted that beast with the biggest fly swatter available.
8	i like poker, but better at blackjack.
7	congratulations!
3	hopefully you will still get the money
0	yea me too
1	i love a nice squishy face.
3	hopefully you can get through the rough patch in the interim.
2	i bet you will make a great bartender, maybe one of these days you will hook me up with a free drink
1	sounds pretty cool.
5	i know but i think we're meant to stay with our first loves honestly, but maybe that's too idealistic.
8	if you did it that time, you can do it again.
3	i hope so, they shouldnt be getting beat like that.
3	i hope no one gets hurt
2	well hopefully you threw it out.
3	i hope nothing like that happens again to you.
8	i would switch to a new one if i could (and all her friends weren't there)
4	i'm sorry to hear that, did you lose your job?
2	aw, that's awesome, i hope you two have a good time together!
0	haha, yea, although some people i know haven't changed at all.
6	what a great gift!
5	ok,  maybe she's materialistic
0	my dog had congestive heart failure and died so i know how sad that can be
3	i hope he doesn't get that one!
8	i've never had anything like that happen.
4	i'm sorry.
5	maybe you shouldn't go then.
5	maybe go for a walk and get some fresh air.
0	i completely understand.
1	thats awesome!
3	well dang that is awesome man, hopefully you can save up for your own lambo.
7	good luck!
5	i think people should have more confidence in themselves, but you always focus on the negative things more than the positive!
8	but however she will understand
1	oh that sounds scary!
8	i'm still friends with my old roommate, but i found other people to spend my time with.
6	oh?
3	yeah hopefully it doesn't happen again!
8	i just cannot understand why people won't do their job properly, i had to cut my lunch break in order to do more work
2	i hope you get a fresh start elsewhere!
5	well maybe you'll get a better grade than him next year
2	i hope your cat is doing better!
5	well maybe you can round them up for something.
7	congratulations again!
6	what kind of job is it?
2	i hope you got them big discounts before you ordered them!
4	im sorry to hear that.
1	oh awesome!
8	i do not at the moment, but i plan to at least when i turn 35 years old
7	congratulations on the new place!
3	hang in there - i hope it will get better for you!
4	sorry man.
2	hopefully the right choice will make itself obvious to you in the near future.
1	that's nice, i plan on having 10 kids.
8	but it's better to make a good friend then many that aren't that good.
5	maybe this year will be their year.
3	i hope you find one soon.
8	marriage is tough but when you love each other it's work the effort.
1	that would be pretty exciting.
0	i know how you feel, i didn't see my parents for a couple of years
3	i hope you are better too.
0	me too.
0	well, that was absolutely terrible!
7	happy birthday!
4	i'm sorry to heard that.
3	i am very confused, i hope one day they will.
7	congratulations!
6	only ten?
1	that's nice.
2	i hope you enjoy whatever you're doing with the time off!
3	hopefully it's a simple process to get a new one made.
6	oof, are you sure you don't want to try a half marathon first?
1	wow that sounds pretty stressful.
4	sorry to hear, i really hope that it doesn't cost to much to fix that up.
8	but you'll make it up as soon as you can, i'm sure!
0	i understand.
0	i grew up in miami so i know how you feel
1	wow that is so awesome.. i always wanted to learn tricks like that
0	i know it's very hard to lose a loved one, i lost my sister, father, and both sets of grandparents.
